actually want to live.
how is it you're in this condition?
and then winter fell with a cold mantle of caution and chill.
then why go?
you don't scare me!
you must prepare for the worst.
you have been my enemy.
then what do you want?
but i'm scared.
 the truth.
but don't worry, franz.
what was that slap to my girl?
and this is what truly killed him.
you're very tired.
but i wasn't crazy in any complicated way.
miss paisley, do you really think that you killed a man while in a state of trance because you believed he had killed your cat?
 oh, really
you have been taught to kill without weapons.
what do you hear in that bird's cry?
but why?
but moved, poor thing.
but he also hates you.
what happened to me was not your fault.
you heard mrs french and the prisoner discussing her new will?
and how are the mama guitars selling?
then what?
so you came after all, miss agda.
why do you confess to something that you didn't do?
what do you mean, nervous?
you're not trying to fool me?
you're drunk.
you seem to find time to flirt with the local students.
so much fuss doing business
and once winter sets in, the ice pack would crush their ships like matchboxes.
 not really.
and the grim master, death, invites them to dance.
so what do i care?
and what will become of lucie?
you funny man, shears.
but when she saw this kid killing' his father, she was in the house alone.
and i know who"s guilty.
but as the time gets closer, mental disintegration will set in.
and so became unintentionally cruel.
so what led you astray?
but how do you know the caves connect with the pit?
what i did is no crime.
then what is it?
this tony malfi, he got a scholarship to college played football for notre dame but halfway through the soup anna got a headache.
you are lonely here, aren't you?
you're acting so strangely.
what's the point of having witnesses at all?
she really does exist.
you lose again.
then what are you arguing about?
what's wrong?
surely the evil spirit of spider's forest foretold the truth.
but you must have scared them off.
but what can we do?
how many people in this country know about your impending marriage?
what if she should die?
you must be so tired after that long, hard day at the bank.
but that doesn't mean she's psychotic crazy.
you drink and sneer and hurt!
you have only one flaw, the way you've begun to suddenly shoot out of control.
 what's wrong with that thing, joyce?
you'll make me fall!
but we're facing a crisis.
believe me, he's really going to do it.
you were with romolo to make me jealous.
that's the truth.
not really.
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
you're quite wrong, ìr.
and what's more, it's an incontestable fact.
you malign him before me!
and when my husband died, i came back here.
but how can i be in trouble already?
and we were very poor.
you're upset.
is it really the kidnappers?
and he walked very slowly to the stand.
you really loved me (!
you're wasting your time.
or we'll lose our name, we'll be finished.
you're a coward.
you wouldn't die and leave your husband.
but what are you talking about?
you are also accused of some minor but still serious offenses.
well, not strange, really.
but nature's mating ways are sometimes strange, and in her treetop world, she's arranged the very opposite design.
why are you so angry?
really, father?
you know you're doing wrong, squarcio.
you go on the sick list.
you lose, grant.
or his men breaking my bones!
not really an accountant, sir.
but what?
now, aldo, it's really finished!
you have a headache?
let's say another 25% in actually taking the anthill.
but i'm not going to startle the whole countryside by letting them know i'm not married.
then he had to go and ruin it.
you can say you're maladjusted
 the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
you know, it's really too bad that monsieur hogan couldn't come tonight.
you can't predict the time of an attack.
actually, col.
you what?
miss paisley, do you really think that you killed a man while in a state of trance because you believed he had killed your cat?
 what's wrong, veronica?
and didn't you threaten to kill her if she wouldn't come back?
you told me that when you overwork you get nervous and lose weight.
you'll kill it!
you stopped me going to deauville and got my girlfriend mad at me, so let's start the weekend now.
you don't have to be afraid of me, ma'am.
and don't cheat!
you'll neutralize the alarm.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
it's the truth.
but the word must still forbid the crossing
nobody really can.
and i refuse again.
but i haven't been much of a provider, i'm afraid.
you know, as usual all the philharmonic's cars are taken, and i need one badly.
and you're a poor wretch.
you don't scare me.
and the slaves must be set free.
you did that on purpose, you rascal!
you wouldn't have disturbed me.
what's wrong with you?
what if she should die?
this morning, before recess, we were talking about lying and telling the truth.
and in arranging the marriage, you lied to the authorities?
 who's whining?
how do you know they'll give it to miss thornton?
you ought to be ashamed.
 really?
you dirty filthy animal!
who is dead?
you tangle with a flying saucer or something?
you're crazy!
what's wrong?
what the hell's that supposed to mean?
you must have saved many from poverty and misfortune?
you told me that when you overwork you get nervous and lose weight.
you're not trying to fool me?
you're worried, huh?
but what you say makes no sense.
what were sara and sigfrid doing in the wild strawberry patch?
what can be the cause of miki's delay?
why do you have to ridicule his resolve?
why did you scream?
then how come they hunt uboats with three destroyers workin' together up in the north atlantic?
you want to see this boy die because you personally want it, not because of the facts.
what a shame.
you will miss me?
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
you're not lying to me?
but terrorism is
so what?
you're burning my nose.
why did you turn the throttle on so high?
in fact, i've been worried about it myself.
you know, this whole thing is a bust.
and without any foolish waste of time.
you are crazy, man!
so why don't we stop wastin' our time here?
 what happened to this monster?
you wild devil!
and i'm sad as a man can be
you do nothing but steal!
and what about me?
but é'm afraid, pierre.
what are you wasting everybody's time in here for?
you worry too much, mama.
 what a lousy dump!
how old are you really, uncle isak?
 you really are crazy, aren't you?
so what?
♪ and though i stumble blindly
and i know it's fatal.
and what about this business of the el?
what's so funny?
how d'you do, miss ogi?
and children have no pity.
what are you doing in those filthy clothes?
you've lost your fingers.
see who's sick.
you're not lying to me?
why do i have to die, father?
you sure would be making a big mistake.
but such a lonely one.
so what do i care?
and that is the truth.
you've tried everything but begging.
"and grunt under a weary life?
you've got no business dying, especially now that you know so many secrets.
and so is my fist.
you're an idiot!
why are you so sad?
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding all over the floor about slum kids and injustice.
what a nauseating prospect.
then why are you trying to find out?
so i got a little too lonely,
and, in fact, i'm so sure of it that i went downtown today and i signed some papers here that mean that you and i are gonna get married.
you lied, did you not?
and useless afterwards.
you're supposed to pretend it never happened.
you're a miserable, mean thief!
so dancing is a waste of time?
it's completely waterproof and actually plastic.
why does he live on in me in an humiliating way despite my wanting to evict him from my heart?
you can't fight a sick man.
you needn't be afraid.
so how did you make a name for yourself
so solemn!
but what's happening?
you see, there's no death certificate and no identification, so you'll have to leave the necessary arrangements up to me.
you're a bad loser.
and he only wants to kiss in the dark, and he talks about sin.
and my heart ached
but if any of you are not prepared, bone up during the break.
and did you subsequently test the blood of the dead woman?
you snapped, and you're not a bad snapper, dolly.
you get those in every murder trial.
you won't get in trouble, anyway.
and evald is growing just as lonely, cold and dead.
what's wrong?
you've killed him.
so we shall have to go in and smash it up on the ground.
what a sin!
and why aren't you in bed?
he really is.
but if anyone votes not guilty, we stay here and talk it out.
you're all burned!
why did you kill him?
and how's your father these days?
your line of defence, however, will be lack of motive.
but i haven't been much of a provider, i'm afraid.
you're tired, dax.
and these elements are difficult to obtain?
you're wrong, you're so wrong.
you're lost.
you always feel trapped, biologically.
yes, surely.
why don't you say a fish bone got stuck in his throat?
but when i come back to the shop, these mistakes will go.
your company is of limited liability, you can liquidate it
in fact, he's going to get married.
but this fairy was so careless that she left her wand at her best friend, who promised to take good care of it.
but it has no bitter taste, does it?
and suddenly i said i'd kill him instead.
 what takes you to contention, pat?
but coach tian is too terrible.
you're killing your mother.
what about that business with the knife?
look what's lying on the seat.
what has all this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
you don´t look so bad.
you are incomparable, sir!
and who's going to wipe them out, you?
 what's wrong?
then she come along, started seeing 'im on the sly.
 how'd you lose lejeune?
why did you stab cyril?
that's not the point!
your presence here is shocking!
or nearly dead.
and unexpected.
then to kill the master.
and gossip is like hail where it falls it stays.
you are aware, lady wren, are you not, that if certain statements made in your book are faése or miséeading then ìadam ducros has been most crueééy éibeéed for which she can justéy céaim damages.
you guided me bruises.
that's really deep.
they don't know what the truth is!
you really love me?
but one day you stand at the edge of life and face darkness.
you mean i'm not going to be confined?
you're a worried old man who's soon going to die, but i have all my life before me.
you're tired?
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
you must take me for a fool.
what about the switch knife they found in the old man's chest?
you know that under that icy exterior there's really a warm guy.
so, are you sure that pioneer will go to the site of the shipwreck ?
your honour, i object to this unwarranted conclusion.
not really an accountant, sir.
what have we got to lose?
0h, i must be off or i'll miss my train.
you've lost it.
when your tongue's swollen to the point of struggling for breath and your bellies
what the hell was that?
you don't wanna hurt charlie.
you are mistaken, sergeant.
your father caused my brother's death.
and we really got a deal?
you're a stubborn gal.
and senseless.
 what kind of a trick is that?
the town, the power he had, me, if he really ever wanted me.
so candid, he's already told me we'll have to sue him for our fees.
what about that poison?
you sick?
then what do you intend to do?
what, you're worried she'll stink?
and i lost an entire mg!
 what's wrong, veronica?
and i know it's fatal.
you saw him fall?
yeah, but how far and how fast?
and did you subsequently test the blood of the dead woman?
what's wrong?
you're crazy.
but what if there is?
you've sort of outgrown starrwood and miss tottenham
they tried to get rid ofhim but he was dead in appearance only.
and emptiness is a mirror turned to my own face.
what is the cause of this noisy hand clapping, o volka?
and don't tell me it was simply because you were afraid.
you're drunk, ringo.
 what's wrong again?
your navy's in an awkward position.
you're an anxious old man who'll soon be dead.
you're despicable!
you can have it cheap.
ok, let's get to the point.
then why didn't you stop ringo and clanton?
you nearly frightened me to death.
you're not cold, are you?
what are you doing in those filthy clothes?
you are so wrong!
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
if you were really crazy, it'd be different, but not this multiplied thing.
and i don't blame her, for all that it's sinful.
but what did i do?
but in fact you killed him.
you're gonna make me sore
so what?
you act as if you wanna get killed.
 oh, really?
she actually saw the killing.
so what?
you killed a federal sheriff.
but, honey, i'm just dead.
in fact, i've been worried about it myself.
and you get scared.
you may not be aware of it, sir but many of the crimes attributed to the james brothers were actually committed by others.
 the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
you're so cold, cat.
so what's gonna happen to us?
you're furious at tristan.
you're funny.
you have an excuse for not getting a gift
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
what do i have to die for, father?
you're ruining my fur.
so if you want to be stubborn and hang this jury, go ahead.
you're wrong, you're so wrong.
you know, dale, it's funny, but
what kind of rot is that?
you've been through a terrible ordeal.
and we're wet and tired.
so what if he does?
you'd be bound to misunderstand.
but aspirin never hurt anyone, did it?
but ruin had knocked at our door with her bony knuckle.
and my seeds of sin!
but do not be concerned.
but i'm not antagonistic to him.
 what do you got, a cold?
what went wrong?
but his attempt to murder three innocent men to protect his own reputation will be prevented by the general staff.
but you know, osen why does she have it in for that clog smith unokichi?
and how's daisy?
you're making a mistake in running away, howard.
but nevertheless, you have to consider that every one of her kisses is contagious, and that the child must be protected from her kisses, too.
and what do you propose to do about it, norsky?
you may have overlooked the fact that the use of officers for labour is expressly forbidden by the geneva convention.
and you will be dead.
what if you missed?
your mother isn't dead, mr. simmons.
why, why do i cry?
how does champagne go with four roses, scotch, martinis and bloody marys?
and who's to say that the truth is always good?
you are pale.
you don't have to be afraid of me, ma'am.
 what actually happened is this.
but what if it did happen?
but i never knew i could miss anything so much.
you must be tired.
but you don't really think of me as "coldblooded", do you?
you agree that the point and the cutting edge are razorsharp?
what's wrong?
you'll find me here stone dead.
what were sara and sigfrid doing in the wild strawberry patch?
you blame yourself too much, connie.
your shame is their dishonour.
survivors who fled from island to island as your world moved in to crush ours.
actually, it wasn't a joke, really.
why, you noaccount, thieving' rascal !
you're making me nervous.
you're in trouble now.
what are you scared of, pop?
 do they really weigh 4.50?
 [ferol] really, father?
what hypocrites you are in this country.
your son stole my crop!
 let's get to the point.
but what if it did happen?
then why not shoot the entire regiment?
 what's the trouble, officer?
why don't you put them to death?
and humiliating dreams.
what atrocity is this?
besides, you're an unusually insufferable young man who thinks he's really something.
 what do you got, a cold?
 oh, mum, really!
had she ever really been close to him?
you've made a fool out of me.
why bother?
and the explosion will disintegrate the chalk so there's no trace of it.
how coarse he is.
what the hell's he talking about grovers mill?
then there's the naval base, that's bad for the natives.
and what i want to sell 'im, believe me, 'e'll want to buy.
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
see how the body contracts, until his limbs become a rope of madness.
what if it had been murder?
but now, stretching endlessly before me, i found a deep abyss.
you, you ever afraid?
what's wrong with you?
and that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
lieutenant tragg is making this sound much worse than it really is.
you poor thing.
no, really!
you've lost your fingers.
really it is.
if you're really afraid of dying, you'd be living in a funk all the rest of your life because you know you've got to go someday, anyday.
what happened to the knife?
so you freely admit, private ferol, that you retreated?
why do people always torment themselves?
and remember, gentlemen, the mint must be crushed slowly and gently.
you just stood up there in church and told kimbrough you was going to kill him.
 what's the trouble, officer?
 let's get to the point.
you're mistaken, i'm just a lowly employee and we'll never be on the same side of the counter.
not really.
you quit outlawin' to settle down and break wild horses.
you have no idea of ​​the meaning that water has in the desert.
you ought to write for one of those kooky detective magazines.
but it's given my father gout very badly.
but i was wrong.
your son has broken the law.
you'll get upset, and you'll leave everyone.
how did you know the window had been broken?
but even your own people, do they really believe you could tag along behind six hurricanes and not be noticed?
what are you tryin' to distort?
actually, the fruit would grow much larger if we didn't limit the stimulation.
but do you want to hear an old joke?
but what about max collodi?
you see, uh, gemini is at war with sagittarius, and this means that all signs are hostile at the present and continued alertness should be the order of the day.
but why did you decide to come back here tonight?
you are unworthy of command!
you tell me in funereal tones that you must talk to me, and then you find it hard to begin.
what, you're worried she'll stink?
you involved me in a public scandal.
when the navy learns the truth, they'ii say:
so candid, he's already told me we'll have to sue him for our fees.
and what keeps on and on catching my eyes?
so don't blame him for anything.
so we must built it close to where the enemy is then?
but what?
you shouldn't have any trouble.
your hand is freezing.
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty on the surface.
what am i doing that's wrong?
you really believe all that?
that's exactly the point this gentleman has been making.
and the real charles courtney lives beneath that cover, impervious, untouched and unmoved.
you are incomparable, sir!
you're just losing weight.
but this would be a violation of all my principles.
but don't be scared.
no, that surely ain't it.
what kind of poison was in that candy?
you are in no danger, ivan godofsky.
i'm really gonna freeze
and it doesn't smell bad either.
you complain?
then who was the man in the trunk?
you go on sick list.
you've all got to understand that the reason you were picked is immaterial.
so what's stopping you?
but this court martial is such a stain, and such a disgrace.
you're a real mystery, aren't you, gramps?
they don't know what the truth is.
then i lost my license.
and i'm too old to start breaking in another one.
 tell old lonesome the truth.
that's really deep.
you're an odd sort, you know?
what's the damned, angie come to see him
you'd have the whole town in a panic, thinking some horrible disease is running loose.
it's the truth.
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty on the surface.
so harper kill husband, marry widow.
but, frankly, that's impossible.
and he was beginning to lose his mind.
but what can i do?
you are also accused of some minor but still serious offenses.
what's wrong?
but what would happen to our children?
agreed. but what about their claim?
what's wrong with your voice?
now what would mother be afraid of?
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
and you did not knock on the noggin?
but this furniture is terrible!
you're lying, artie!
you really didn't think that?
 the truth.
you'd lie to save your sister from prison, wouldn't you?
but ruin had knocked at our door with her bony knuckle.
 what a pity.
you'll ruin your uniform under that flying suit.
don't say nasty things and you won't bark.
and what's this?
you made only one mistake, my friend.
so hard.
miss stewart in the third grade and then we moved to richmond and we had miss patterson in the fourth grade.
but no more dirty tricks!
and the atomic bomb!
how dare you try to mix me up with your blather!
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
you have no hands and no shame.
tell me, supposing your comrades were to hear the truth about this notable exploit of yours?
but i saw his assistant, a lady named miss northrup.
but a huckster!
what's the risk?
you saw red shoot and the woman fell,
imagine how he feels with such rumors flying.
you're going to kill me?
and just then, i heard this scream.
so i'm actually a learned chap.
what went wrong?
he who has masqueraded as god, and riled my subjects!
you ask yourself what the sum total of your life represents what difference your being there at any time made to anything or if it made any difference at all, really.
and that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
you must not bully the acting comandante.
not really.
and why didn't you many this cooker and baker and fisher and pumpprimer?
what's wrong with you?
you picked him because he was a coward, didn't you?
and what's better in it?
why worry?
how did you kill him?
you were almost dead.
you think cops are dumb!
you caught the wrong person.
your vampire could be insane, or equally someone in full control of his mental faculties.
so why aren't you talking?
who knows what's wrong with me today?
but my best is really this eggbeater.
what do you hear in that bird's cry?
why drag it out?
it surely will, sir.
you look so tired.
what am i, an orphan?
and a full man never break his promise.
and then we wouldn't have had all this trouble with a.t.
what a pity.
you seem nervous, comrade boroff.
what, are you crazy or something?
why, you thieving', little wretch!
you naughty boy.
you ugly scoundrel.
but who can't just be anyone.
what burden?
it's really unforgivable!
you slap, and i slap, too.
you look so worried.
but on the other hand, it was as big as his fist.
and in arranging the marriage, you lied to the authorities?
but how is this possible?
what's wrong now?
what if he's telling the truth?
but, señor, where's the dead man?
you can't interrogate a dead person.
you are supposed to have said, that war is going to break out soon.
and after all, you had plenty of justification for killing her.
and what are they?
you stole it!
surely the evil spirit of spider's forest foretold the truth.
and wait till he gets itchy, and then he'll get a little bite and grab so hard, he'll break his pole!
you sort of overawe me.
you are neither my wife nor my mistress.
why should that paralyze him so with fright?
and what's he want?
it's over now and i'm a little tired.
so the army lets them get married and then forces them to desert their wives and babies.
you're messing me around!
but he doesn't mean a word he says because he's cold as ice.
but the boys, being from the city, are afraid to compete.
why not tell him your troubles?
you been sick, ma'am awful sick.
you ask yourself what the sum total of your life represents what difference your being there at any time made to anything or if it made any difference at all, really.
and you've already got one to worry about!
but you're alive and he's dead and that makes the difference.
you're gonna blow a fuse.
you tired?
but he's most anxious that you invite him
so what does he do?
i never once had any regrets about going to the point.
why can i not kill god within me?
how d'you do, miss ogi?
you can steal, but you can't push, huh?
what d'you mean, poor uncle ernesto was so kind
so why not start?
you want to get me drunk?
and you'd spoil the party.
you're so pitiful.
why turn against yourself because of false friends?
 what did the prisoner say?
why am i so weak?
wouldn*t you say so, lonesome?
what the hell!
who worries about my old age?
you're a coward.
the tinker's wife is really going to croak, huh?
but very difficult to follow.
but he doesn't really care about anything because he's so cold.
then why have you come back?
what's wrong with that thing?
and tell me about it slowly.
you would die.
then i got awful sick of him, way down deep inside.
you will speak the truth to me, capitan, or you will never speak again, to anyone.
what man knows how a life should really be lived?
but surely she told you about the hallucinations, the dead man?
what was she really like?
you haven't wasted your time, nickie.
what do you hear in that bird's cry?
you couldn't s end bore or tonino?
 what kind of a bum is he?
and death.
what the heck?
when a man or woman walks out alone these days, does nothing less than take his life in his hands, and that's the truth.
you're going to kill yourself.
and if it's death you're afraid of, why should you care about what kills you?
yeah, so what?
you really want them to build the bridge?
what's so funny?
you can't study the layout of the bridge after dark.
you're funny.
what's wrong?
what's wrong?
but what'll i do here?
what hypocrites you are in this country.
so what?
what, for emptying a garbage pail?
why did you let him destroy that plane?
 what's wrong with that thing,joyce?
and when it gets too bad he
but you're alive and he's dead and that makes the difference.
but i broke out of there when i was 14.
your son stole my crop!
yes, i know, it's a stereotype but it's the truth.
that's not the point.
you're not trying to fool me?
you're dead.
what are you wasting everybody's time in here for?
you're gonna spoil me.
why can i not kill god within me?
what atrocity is this?
it's really unforgivable!
takes a bit of handling but we quarrel no worse than others.
"and who fled after stunning her."
why would they banish you?
you're cold.
why do you terrible things
and the gods curse you and tano and korey!
you're so selfish.
but he hasn't said he'd refuse.
you will only bungle the job.
you know these hours are dangerous.
you take the risk if there's no other way.
in fact, congress is sitting on it.
what you're looking at, major, really is three cities all run together.
but why?
you have been accused of guilt.
but what's happening?
you go on sick list.
what the hell!
but it looks as though all it is is a bent tube.
you're in trouble, but you got a couple of things mixed up.
you want to kill me?
but i really feel.
you killed emily french!
you will fail also.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
and i'm stuck here cooking dinner for them.
but when we die, we die with open hands.
you want to kill me!
when the navy learns the truth, they'll say:
so i studied hard.
maybe she honestly thought she saw the boy kill his father.
you afraid?
you're making a wreck out of me.
you're a liar.
those who stand on the slavery question is most violent
and yet, murder it must be.
you must never cause him sadness.
then what?
how are you feeling, miss mckay?
 what a pity.
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
 what's wrong, veronica?
you know, henry, paul and i were friends many years ago
or go on sick call.
"who can spare the time to clasp the hand of a falling man?"
you're making a mistake!
you won't scream.
 what kind of a bum is he?
you cannot kill me.
you mean for him to actually fly one of our parasite jets and return it to the mother bomber?
and in a radio studio of the columbia broadcasting system in new york city, the actors and staff of the mercury theatre on the air were putting the final touches to what was frankly a terror tale, which was to go on the air within a few short minutes.
and i am worthless there's no denying it.
you know, if the devil himself were to come out of the ocean and say,
your colonel is mad.
so what?
you're strange.
 what's so funny?
why, sir, is she in some trouble with the police?
 what a lousy dump!
you old rascal.
and how could i know who he was with that hood over his head?
(chuckles) surely you don't have to pay any attention to the hippocratic oath with these primitive people.
what i mean is that doesn't scare me.
you liar!
you've been telling lies behind my back.
what are you afraid of?
how do you do, miss black?
so how about giving a big hand for longhorn county's own deke rivers?
and you just called me a thug?
you just want to see me in those nasty shorts.
and its trunk cried, 'why do you hurt me?
but don't worry, franz.
then how come they hunt uboats with three destroyers workin' together up in the north atlantic?
you are wasting my time, comrade.
perier didn't know he was all those things, but that was the point.
you're a very stubborn man.
and i smoke a pipe.
you cheated!
so why don't we stop wasting our time here?
what was killed was a demon, not a child.
what's wrong?
you are unworthy of command!
what's wrong?
what about that business with the knife?
but he doesn't really care about anything because he's so cold.
yeah, but it's a crazy place, though.
but if i really was, my heart would be lighter.
you whimper you cannot survive without the supplies.
what are you trying to distort
and this time, there'll be an end to the diamonds, and an end to the walking dead.
you see, i'm a sissy and a coward.
but saito's cut their food rations and if he makes the sick men work.
there's an enemy post three miles away so we'll have to sleep in the jungle.
you mean, you really want them to build the bridge?
and the place smells of wind and fresh things.
you damned insatiable lecher!
men who are engaged in questionable enterprises.
you really want to go?
and it's my fault.
you can talk till your tongue is dragging on the floor.
what do i have to die for?
you might fall.
and he only wants to kiss in the dark, and he talks about sin.
to tell the truth, she's not much for these smash and grab rackets.
but, don't let that worry you.
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
you want to wipe out civilization, destroy all life on this planet!
 why not frighten them a bit?
you will die.
why not scare them a bit?
but i'm scared.
and that is the truth?
what a scare!
now, aldo, it's really finished!
 what falls on you?
but my best is really this eggbeater.
and the count wants to deprive me of such a thing.
 2 brides actually.
you're a fool.
how a man who's been told he'll die in three days can consider sleeping is all the proof i need of the supernatural.
and why you were born here?
but why?
why, you thieving', little wretch!
the curious thing hirsch's study found is that all smells actually arouse men to some degree.
what the heck's going on in there?
there were a lot of things that used to belong to me and somehow i lost them.
you couédn't be taken in by that absurd story.
you know it's dangerous.
and why is that?
you want to create one more problem for me!
you're not so bad yourself.
you agree that the point and the cutting edge are razorsharp?
he who has undermined my power in my own kingdom!
you really did want to save those men, and you were not angling for mireau's command.
and what did you learn from your examination of these bullets?
and yet under what pretext can i commit high treason?
what's the point of having witnesses at all?
you lousy bunch of bleeding hearts.
and emptiness is a mirror turned to my own face.
tell me the truth, idiot.  nothing special.
then what do we got to worry about?
you agree that the point and the cutting edge are razorsharp?
you hate me.
you can see the boulders dotted around and is that evidence possibly in the centre for a little dust slide down the bottom?
how the hell do you know?
 what's so critical?
your own medicine shall name the liar.
you gonna find i ain't such a bad fellow to get along with.
you know why, because your officers are lazy!
you're in bad with mr. williams.
what an insult!
then why aren't we better off trying to fight our way through than waiting to be slaughtered like a bunch of sheep?
and as her issue, you are declared by the law of this commonwealth to be a chattel of starrwood, subject to any claims against the estate.
what are you saying, you imbecile?
you're a stranger to me.
but, honey, i'm just dead.
what are you so nervous about?
 they're gonna really sit up and take notice, cole.
what's wrong?
then what?
so why did you try to escape via his lock?
now, what really happened, hm?
you'd think it impossible
you mean this brat?
 why have you crushed her hands?
and the atmosphere quite stuffy.
your predecessor, comrade bajtek, fell ill just before christmas.
you make me sick with your heroics.
 the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
you're very tired.
and what went on in that prison 1,000 locked up that way
and as long as you're looking for something real, you're not lost.
you and that magnolia dripping!
you know you can't interrupt emmarac in the middle of a sequence.
what's wrong with you?
but what does that mean?
"or to take arms against a sea of troubles,
what the hell!
why spoil it?
in fact he's already back!
what do you mean supposing they're wrong?
and with that key in her possession, she still had to break in?
you dirty, filthy animal!
and what was her reaction to your advice?
your cousin, she is lonely.
and are you aware, mrs helm, that the penalty in this country for perjury is a heavy term of imprisonment?
you killed him, didn't you?
but he's most anxious that you invite him
and then there was the case of the sea monster off the coast of nantucket.
you won't regret bringing me here.
you're asking me to make an exception of kelly when i've refused these other men?
but how can i be in trouble already?
why did you break your bracelet?
you will ruin me.
you mean it's afraid of electricity?
but actually, those two witnesses were the entire case for the prosecution.
what a smell.
 what actually happened is this.
you missed a swell party.
believe me, he's really going to do it.
one who'll send her off begging.
so why aren't you talking?
but how are you gonna—
and your eyes are blinded from the dark and from your own sweat.
what stupid idiot writes this?
 what is wrong?
and yet under what pretext can i commit high treason?
you couldn't be more wrong.
what was all that trouble?
why bring your troubles here?
you want to see this boy die because you want it, not because of the facts.
then how will i eat?
what we need is something that'll penetrate that small area exactly and then send some sort of poison into the circulatory systems.
and how's your father these days?
but why?
but you didn't see him die with your own eyes.
then for me the boys make all the trouble.
so, we really ought to make the most of it, then!
that"s why he"s so dangerous.
what hypocrites you are in this country.
you're saying, then the captain reached for his gun before the alleged attack.
your burden is heavier than mine.
"what torments does the vampire inflict on his victims?"
and then i saw terry lying on the ground
what's wrong?
 it's really nothing, forget it.
so long as they have that idea, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
what if i died?
your house has changed hands so many times and everyone in it dies a horrible death!
then what is your theory?
you're hurting hiroko's feelings.
how cruel of me to be so unthinking.
you tired, son?
so what?
 what's worrying you, charlie?
some of those parties are actually working against each other.
meet me halfway and you'll never be unemployed as long as men and women don't go back to wearing fig leaves.
and impose the penalties prescribed by the code of military justice.
you can spew your poison on yourself.
and unexpected.
 how terrible.
why didn't i fall for somebody else?
you're not that bad neither.
you'll have trouble making that next corner.
then he had to go and ruin it.
you low, miserable, crazy slime.
and that geezer knew all about it.
that really is deep.
what's wrong with it?
you slap me twice.
 what the hell!
and you also know that it is not allowed to smoke in this room.
who could be funny, sweating it out in here?
you don't actually need sybil and angele.
it's funny, us not talking to each other till this morning and now we're in the park together.
but why, mr. allison?
what's wrong with your petticoat, ogden?
and what is this.
you're on dangerous ground, sally.
you fell into the trap.
why do people always torment themselves?
and each day, like clockwork, she lunched cheaply at a teashop where she read steadily from the volumes of the tauchnitz edition of the best english authors.
but then bannon did not kill him?
and she herself testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
why, you noaccount, thieving' rascal!
♪ but if someone could break her ♪ griff!
and all the stuff he has pieces of is already falling to pieces.
you're going to die for sure, if you go out there.
and let me tell you, they don't need any real big reason to kill someone either.
you are all condemned.
you're tired, dax.
but what did you report?
and are you aware, mrs helm, that the penalty in this country for perjury is a heavy term of imprisonment?
you are scared.
mother what's wrong?
or this business about the knife.
what's bothering you?
why nonsense?
you darn near crippled that one.
you pay a penalty for thinking.
so they've killed our ferdinand, mr. schweik!
and you're beginning to antagonize the press.
you don't have to worry about it, i have already done it.
you are lonely here, aren't you?
 really?
you are insane.
you mean, now that you're sober you still wanna do the strip number?
what are you worried about?
but he also hates you.
what if we die?
and what will isak say, who really loves me?
you would die.
and we will lose that evil spirit called voodoo
and you look tired.
then what did you do?
and what about me?
and what are you going to do with your diamonds, jeff?
she honestly thought she saw the boy kill his father.
besides, you're an unusually insufferable young man who thinks he's really something.
who's drunk?
what's wrong with haskins?
but historically the lure of food as an aphrodisiac has had a lot more to it than the sharing of a romantic meal.
but, axel, i'm a terrible bowler.
it's very funny, really
and for them, you let yourself be killed upon a cross.
 what for, slander?
 oh, really?
your mom would scold you!
you're worried, you're troubled.
but his skin is enemy.
and you sitting there in bloated selfsatisfaction.
see how funny i am?
you mean the fatal bullet cannot be identified?
and yet, if you're clumsy or reckless nobody kills you.
but there was no intended torture to make them confess.
you know, there's nothing really secret around headquarters.
what's wrong with that?
but if he knew the knife could be identified, why did he leave it there in the first place?
and i wasn't too bad, now, was i?
you couldn't buy him for a thousand a week, so stop wasting your time.
you may have overlooked the fact that the use of officers for labour is expressly forbidden by the geneva convention.
you said yourself creighton's stuck on me.
what's wrong with that?
and gave us poverty.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
your wife could have died or something.
but there's a plague of hydrophoby in these parts.
your shame is their dishonour.
there's an enemy post three miles away so we'll have to sleep in the jungle.
you can't refute facts.
and we can say that it was he who killed yumenosuke.
so, to get money, you'd kill?
who the heck is oscar?
you make it funny how should i call you?
you tell lies even when you sleep.
why, you cheap lag.
you are very insolent, young man.
you fail me this time and you're through as g2 and otherwise, you understand?
but i'd be lying.
but he sees no beauty nothing but some secret trouble which is always with him.
oh, really?
you don't really want to cancel me out, do you?
you yankee gangster.
what are you really afraid of, miss webster?
but what?
what a stupid face!
how about some punch?
 really?
so cold
 why, it's really quite simple.
so he'll get a basket of wild strawberries instead.
what's wrong?
and will success spoil rock hunter?
what a bad boy you are!
and the thing is, she don't really even care anything about him.
and i'm really not a murderer.
what was general stuckey's xray doing in bixby's office, for crying out loud?
you see, i was afraid to go home.
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
 what's wrong?
 what's wrong with my character?
and what's the name of the movie?
you're going to be more annoyed!
why the hell i've got tied up with him?
you can't lose face with giovanna!
but they are even afraid of me.
or sever the cords of adversity that have bound thee to set thee free.
you can't study the layout of the bridge after dark.
you're gonna kill the battery!
you indicted yoo 3 years ago for tax evasion.
it's the truth.
 who is the enemy?
and yet, we are barren.
but you, sergeant, you are not afraid.
you really take very long!
you mustn't feel any remorse.
and that makes me so lonely.
with what do you wash your face, to make it smell so much of flowers?
what can the enemy be plotting, with nary a torch?
you must get lonely.
that's exactly the point this gentleman has been making.
but let's waste no more time and begin.
who's lost?
mmm, really?
you can't die on me.
you parading the fact that you hate men.
you didn't see him die.
 really?
you'll scar them up worse.
and waste all that precious gin?
but it won't hurt to talk about it.
that is the truth, before god?
and many will die, and he will be responsible.
and this is the fault of the sages, that by trying to figure my head out, they did it with such scientific candor, that the mixed up all my memories.
you and me are gonna settle for this scar you gave me in wichita.
you have been accused of guilt.
answer honestly, don't be afraid to upset me, senor.
what a stench in here!
you're going to kill yourself.
you wouldn't wear it if you just broke up for nothing.
then to kill the master.
what the devil's he talking about?
but as the time gets closer, mental disintegration will set in.
you sick?
what's wrong with your husband?
does he really exist?
you are lying.
you really want them to build the bridge?
really ill.
really first rate.
sergeant, who actually gave the order to put those men in prison?
you no sick.
you radiate a certainty that's scary.
he had to say goodbye to one of us and that's too bad.
so, you've managed to shake off the opposition.
what kind of man is so weak?
but don't overdo it.
you're not gonna tell me you believe that phony story about losing the knife and that business about being at the movies!
you can burn too if it pleases you but it'll still cost you four bits.
you won't bother him none getting him fined.
you don't have to be afraid of him.
then what is it?
i actually came here to seeyour aunt and am most disappointed not to find her in.
you lied to me.
you don't have a fever, do you?
 what concern is that of mine?
but my best is really this eggbeater.
you're lying.
you going to tell him the truth?
then for me the boys make all the trouble.
but if anyone votes not guilty, we stay here and talk it out.
what are they afraid of?
so the absence of fingerprints in a robbery
you're all wet and muddy again.
but the worst is yet to come.
or when some forget bad memories.
but who told mrs. dale all this?
but how does it feel?
so what?
you pig!
you say you cut yourself with a knife?
you needn't be afraid.
and i tell him it's his fault that i am as i am.
you want this lousy job or don't you?
you're an idiot to be afraid of those people up there.
and what's more, it's an incontestable fact.
and, in fact, even farther.
you come through any roadblocks yet?
but he sees no beauty nothing but some secret trouble which is always with him.
one more kiss and he'd fall apart.
you're lucky to be telling the truth.
you're hurting a lot of other people.
it's completely waterproof and actually plastic.
you lost your ship?
you've been unlucky.
and how do you say?
what you said about the plague was horrible.
so that's why you're playing chess with death.
but the sadness
who put a broken pedestal here?
then what did you do?
you want a drug addict for a principal?
you're insane.
tell me the truth.
lalage, really!
you kill me, there are 400,000 others to take my place.
who's to say that a lie is always bad?
but aspirin never hurt anyone, did it?
and what if the guards do not stay where they usually stay?
you lied, did you not?
why are you lying?
what a queer light!
what need for the advice of cowards, who quake and pale under fire?
you want somebody in front of that very expensive curtain, don't you?
what help could i be to wounded or dying men?
what scandal?
who the heck is oscar?
what hypocrites you are in this country.
and the rigid forefinger.
tell me, supposing your comrades were to hear the truth about this notable exploit of yours?
she was, actually.
all this fuss and you made me forget the sauce.
and dr. sharman, the chief scientist, also became fatally ill.
and anders tried to twist viktor's arm, and viktor said that was a lousy argument for god's existence.
but who makes the army go?
you funny man, shears.
what's sad about it?
if you give him dinner, i'll be really angry with you!
why, this is crazy.
you still smell of perfume.
and what brought you to the galleys?
but what can é do?
but for a sannyasi, it is improper and against the scriptures to dance and sing like this
then, did somebody insult you?
and that abusive johnson man!
you know, what you`re looking at really is three cities running together.
you're dead if you forget.
you're in real trouble.
and i submit that that attack was a stain on the flag of france,
how about releasing miss denbow?
and the worst of it is he's so good at everything.
you're sick.
and what's this?
he came here to see sick people and she's already buried since nightfall.
then what?
you've hurt me so!
but you're not a stranger.
what the hell is this?
you're sick.
surely the evil spirit of spider's forest foretold the truth.
what an awful bloodstain.
tell them the truth!
and the emptiness is a mirror turned toward my own face.
but i'm just a coward when it comes to doing it.
you'd be disappointed.
you think that bloomin' monster got hold of her?
and his biological death.
why did you break your engagement with hiroko ?
believe me, he's really going to do it.
 what have i to lose?
then why did you marry me?
you're trouble!
then who killed him?
why don't they die?
unless something really unusual happened,
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
and i tell him it's his fault that i am as i am.
then he calls them a tramp, and he drops them, and.
but who could put that on a marquee?
what a stupid way to get surrounded.
there never really was a snuffy, now was there?
what if i became mad?
but what soninlaw?
you think the man's an idiot or something?
he was telling the truth.
then it turned out to be a vice presidency.
you hypocrite!
you think he's not guilty, huh?
that is the truth.
kill him really properly.
but you can't go on tormenting yourself for your mistakes.
but how?
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
but i could never behave so disgracefully.
that is the truth!
and i got this gimmick figured to pay me 6 billion.
you mean you really want that thieving', old yeller dog ?
you loathe me, don't you?
and who will pack your tails?
you didn't hear it fall?
you shoot gun, make the big noise.
what have they got you but a life full of misery and a woman who walked out on you and the friendship of a killer?
what's wrong?
you will die as i said at 10:00 on the 28th of this month.
you must see a doctor, you are so pale
but why under the pier?
you're hurting me.
what's the trouble?
what's that nonsense?
it doesn't really make a lot of difference.
but how?
you're wasting your time.
and what's more, it's an incontestable fact.
 not really.
you were drunk and staggering at the subway station.
and mrs anderson tried on hat after hat in front of lucidos, who was ready to kill her.
you were able to make a slave of him, now bring him back!
but you're angry.
but i'll live to kill him for that.
you punish him and feel hungry!
¶ you have all the qualities of peter pan
but your mother's here and miss renie.
 the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
oh, it's really very simple.
then this place wasn't put off limits by the mps?
listen, when these fellas don't ask questions it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
you must think i'm lame but i'm a woman.
who's afraid of a call?
i was pregnant once but it went wrong
what's wrong?
and mrs. adrian may have been over there, but she didn't kill mark cushing, neither did her daughter.
why you always play sick, shears?
really ill.
that doesn't mean we're really gonna kill anybody.
you're still the same lonely kid i picked up in chicago and i'm the same guy from the tent.
you're going to stop on the main road to contention, one mile this side, and you're going to give that note to somebody passing in.
and whatever seemed impossible before, will become simple, normal.
it's really sad, although he wanted it himself, poor thing.
and i was worried about a couple of hundred for that silly eggbeater.
you can titter and jeer
your knight's at risk.
and now i've placed upon the stand a culprit known as sports car.
what's that rubbish there?
it's on the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
but i'd be lying.
you're a liar.
you don't call killing that green monster ..
your line of defence, however, will be lack of motive.
and it's a nightmare no one would give me his address?
so what does zoska do after work?
you're dead meat!
what' s wrong?
so what?
what's the emergency?
would she really die?
and findlater, take off that silly moustache.
you'll ruin everything!
why can't i kill god in me?
how d'you do, miss ogi?
you're not going to hurt me?
you know, there's nothing really secret around headquarters.
but i'm scared.
who's a tramp?
and "nightmare in 4d" concerns the goingson in that apartment.
you think it'll go dark?
you look exhausted, too.
who's lost?
what is this strange power i have over women?
and he has brought along a strange man by the name ishikawa goemon.
 what'd i do wrong, officer?
"who kills one man kills the whole world.
he is a skilful tactician but i have not yet lost one piece.
 what an awful woman.
you can't call the collapse of that building accidental.
because a lie might die one day, but the truth never dies.
what a shame!
he wouldn't really lie.
that's not the point.
"but i stayed so i don't get sick."
you lie.
yes, it was careless of me, i admit but i've been busy all evening.
 nothing, really.
you're acting very funny.
but what do you do at casinò, to lose such money?
why, harold, what a feeble memory you have.
so, you missed a vital spot.
you look worried.
you were always afraid, and everything frightened you.
and what was the answer?
you let them kill tommy.
you have tricked me!
your sister a pig.
so candid, he's already told me we'll have to sue him for our fees.
you make him tell us the truth.
what would be wrong with that if they did?
so what?
you had an itching for her.
you know you're doing wrong, squarcio.
you were at fault, but so was i. it's now my responsibility.
and don't die tonight!
that's exactly the point this gentleman has been making.
you know, it's a funny thing, last night in the joint, somebody got to talking about you and your brother.
you mustn't take things too hard.
what a pity she's gone.
you don't scare me.
and the grim master leads with scythe and hourglass.
it really doesn't matter.
you've really sawed yourself off.
so the absence of fingerprints in a robbery
but it's the gospel truth, miss coates.
you drunken sot.
how's my severest critic?
surely not.
then why did artist gorelov fall down ?
but six and seven together still means bad luck.
what's wrong?
what's wrong with your voice?
you're not usually so slow on the uptake, evans.
you're as bad as mamma.
and assault.
and how!
why are you bent over?
how blue and lonely
and the issue here is not just one of color.
what's the point in such a life?
that's really deep. "death comes to us all".
you're crazy, joe.
and what a library!
 what's wrong with that thing,joyce?
but that's impossible.
why don't they die?
your fingernails are filthy.
so that was your fault?
your navy's in an awkward position.
you mean, now that you're sober you still wanna do the strip number?
so you can tell your children that algado sweat for the resistance.
how he fell?
and you killed him?
so you came after all, miss agda.
but how can anyone believe in god?
you lost your ship?
you loathe me.
what the devil are you up to?
but what did you run from in the woods?
yes, it hurt because you can't bear the truth.
 really?
you're crazy.
hanaogi really gone, major.
why does he live on in me in an humiliating way despite my wanting to evict him from my heart?
and send them to the death house?
it is over now and i am tired.
it was really something, mr. chaney.
you're scum.
you deaf?
and his greedy mouth defies the world!
and now miss linda bruce from ganderstown.
 yeah, so what?
 the truth!
but it's difficult.
then we shall expose him as a thief and a scoundrel.
in fact i'm the guilty one.
what's wrong with albuquerque?
you can hang your jacket there.
why burn her in the middle of the night?
but the reason he wanted me around has always been a mystery to me.
you're not so usually slow on the uptake, evans.
and he walked very slowly to the stand.
you had an itching for her.
what's his problem?
you can't mean that all three of them are charged with my husband's murder?
and there would be strange seductive perfume in the air.
what the hell are you doing here?
you know, you girls are really
so all she'll bring is trouble and guns, huh?
your lamp makes me uncomfortable.
you're just jealous!
it's really stormy out there.
you're afraid of something.
who was that old geezer?
you are not only rude, my son, but extremely foolish!
what is the problem?
who is going to kill a horse?
[softly] yes, they've really gone.
you lost it again?
what are you trying to do, sound the alarm?
so i'm actually a learned chap.
how wrong can a guy get?
you're lying to the smith.
but how do you know he has?
you voted guilty.
how to die by the rules.
who killed it?
what a scoundrel!
or did somebody bump you on the head once and you haven't gotten over it?
so if they steal from you, there's only one thing to do:
not really.
you are a hopeless person.
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty, on the surface.
you know, what happens is that i hear very weird things.
what the hell did he want?
you chick should pretend not seeing it.
when the navy learns the truth, they'll say:
what you tryin' to do, be funny?
you came to kill me.
and you smoke.
you will kill me!
you're warned now.
but this court martial is such a stain, and such a disgrace.
what an insult!
 what is it, a joke?
then why spout 'em?
and how was it with your young brute?
you are uneasy.
we were really scared.
but when a man dies in the name of a cause, this is, after all, a sublime contribution.
how the hell did i get stuck with him?
but it is insane to try and escape.
you're burning my nose.
and what about the airfield control tower?
why worry about it?
you're being ridiculous.
so what does he do?
and the awful omens
 every single thing that took place in that courtroom but i mean everything  says he's guilty.
actually, it's too late now, but in the morning,
you fell into the trap.
you mustn't punish yourself forever.
you look angry.
you're so anxious to be part of this family?
the truth is, i just lost the bannister account.
 what about the speed limit?
you want to get me drunk?
you'll neutralize the alarm.
you'll see freaks and curiosities assembled from every part of the globe!
you say you cut yourself with a knife?
but it's also an almost complete list of every weakness in the soviet air force.
you always find excuses for everything that elisabeth does.
what the hell!
and that fat job you offered
you're ungrateful.
you're very tired.
what a beastly trick.
but they'll have us for damages.
then this is the truth?
you put the two together, and they add up to a very obvious trick.
why, you thieving', little wretch!
so unfortunately, she must have a head!
then what?
you're just gonna have to stake me to a rail road ticket.
your interest in it is morbid!
so what if they lose a piece of land?
but that's where you're wrong, 'cause no matter what happens between you and allison, you're finished in sundown.
and then after supper, "you must be tired.
you don't really mean you'll kill me, do you?
you still want to beguile me?
then what did you say to yourself?
and were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
and what about the goods?
you keep looking for magicians and knights, but only the ignorant and shameless come your way.
and the bottles are all broken.
and what happened to them?
and many will die, and he will be responsible.
or is it the method of killing?
i'm well aware of your deep concern over mrs. cross's suicide but that is not the point at issue.
but as soon as you check his family history, you stumble upon an uncle who ended up in an asylum or a grandfather who died of alcohol poisoning.
you go out and find me one with 6 million unemployed.
how silly to write a song for a deaf old man.
and if we've made a mistake, it's the finish of everything.
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
what is the point to start the revolution?
you could say it's a weakness in my old age.
and what about you, lieutenant?
who does this is a fool!
or this business about the knife.
but what do you want?
and what about this business of the el?
 actually, those two fellas there wrote it.
but his attempt to murder three innocent men to protect his own reputation will be prevented by the general staff.
why do i have to die, father?
you fooled me once.
but when she saw this kid killing his father, she was in the house alone.
so you really are dr. holden?
what if i died?
then, he pointed at the hung hing boy and shot that's why the hung hing boy was killed
you not sure, shoot first or die first!
besides, you're an unusually insufferable young man who thinks he's really something.
then why do you do it?
what idiots
and have a smoke.
and if it is, he has pretty good bait.
you mean you really want them to build a bridge?
and he looks sad and says it is his fault.
you give a me a fright!
so long as they have that idea, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
and there she was, dead.
then – kill him!
and the only reason they've kept me around this long is because they thought they might've needed me in case something went wrong in contention.
you've suffered so much.
you're lying to the smith.
you really think he's innocent?
young sailor will uncover the truth,
but who makes the army go?
you and me are going to settle for this scar you gave me in wichita.
and bewildered
because now i see the truth, how he tricked me.
what have we got to lose?
but you can't go on tormenting yourself for your mistakes.
what mad?
and complacency quickly turned to panic.
what's wrong?
you say it was his brother who died.
what's wrong with that?
that really is deep.
it's really unforgivable!
how dreadful.
you were present last night when this alleged attack took place.
you bother me.
charlie was stubborn so i said okay.
you must have pity on them.
when the navy learns the truth, they'll say:
you really want to go?
what if you tell the truth?
or nearly dead.
but it was a dirty shack and nothing else.
so solemn!
and then miki himself will become our next enemy.
you'd be bound to misunderstand.
one false move and you're out on your francis.
how wrong could a guy get?
you what?
tell me the truth, idiot.
and catherine will say, "oh, it really wasn't so bad. "
 how angry?
so they want to kill me?
so i missed him!
you see, this is arranged so that anyone touching the channel selector to change programs gets a nasty shock.
they don't know what the truth is.
you used such terrible words earlier
you couldn't be more wrong.
you specialize in dermatology and the removal of excessive scar tissue.
and what happens then?
you'll catch cold.
so he'll get a basket of wild strawberries instead.
why did you tell me she was dead?
you want me to sign your crazy lipstick thing, don't you?
you still got those crummy cards too, haven't you?
and don't worry.
you had no trouble getting his confession, did you?
what has all this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
and it's very becoming, so don't complain.
and there were so many others lying dead anyway.
you mean to tell me you didn't go into the beehive and try on those dresses for miss effie?
seconds, really.
you're being insubordinate, lieutenant.
you really are a very discreet civil servant.
let's say another 25 % in actually taking the anthill.
but we don´t have to make it any worse than it already is.
 why suicide?
but in miss miller's room.
you steal!
anyone who's ever used a switch knife wouldn't handle it any other way.
just what is lonesome rhodes going to talk to general haynesworth about?
and don't worry about your job.
no, it's the truth!
actually, klaus, where are they?
but you must have scared them off.
what's all the commotion?
you don't have to worry about the money.
and so is my fist.
you refused to see me.
or do i look dangerous?
what is this nonsense?
you know, it`s hard to believe me being the same lloyd gruver that came over from korea just a little bit ago.
and nearly bankrupt, with such a breadth of us!
you said that you were so exhausted
and how does washizu fare in battle?
your father says you're sick too.
and why do you enter through here?
and it's my fault.
 what you do mean, "nothing really"?
you really think he's innocent?
you are a liar!
why, you conniving fool.
what i really mean is do i mean everything to you as you do to me?
you itching to get back to california?
you should lie down.
you cry you only want to do this for friendship.
why does he go on living in a painful, humiliating way?
you're talking about fear?
why do you delude yourself?
then i will get mad!
you go to rehearsal every day at 4:00 at number 5 rue st. etienne.
 what's wrong?
and that dress is terrible.
you ain't gonna lose with her.
 l really haven't done very much.
and who shall be favored with these delicious berries picked in the early morn by a lovely young woman?
and you're the horridest, nastiest, silliest, stupidest
you mean to hurt me?
and no funny business.
and if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot on the spot.
what would he kill park for?
 what's wrong, veronica?
and who will hurt me?
and i say british enterprise isn't so bad either.
you specialize in dermatology and the removal of excessive scar tissue.
you what?
and yet under what pretext can i commit high treason?
but there's a plague of hydrophobia in these parts.
you really are stupid!
you're always so irritable, always criticizing.
but the atmosphere's becoming frigid.
you irritate me!
you haven't done anything wrong, yet.
so what happened?
and popups are falling for base hits wherever we look.
you can freeze to death here!
but, you know this business, is cutthroat
what kind of a sucker play is this?
 what a shame it was.
so i pulled back on my duds and i went out to take a looksee what all the commotion was.
that is the truth!
what's wrong with deke rivers?
what did you mean by that nonsense?
but if i don't find them, they're headed for trouble.
but how?
and in his heart, the murderer wants to be found out by the detective.
and you said, when told he wasn't in, that he was afraid to see you.
♪you make sadness disappear.♪
but why did she send me a piano?
you've hurt me terribly
you're lying to me.
you see, sigbritt and charlotta made a tapestry and angelica baked a cake, and anna has painted a really good picture, and kristina and birgitta wrote a song that they'll sing to him.
that's exactly the point this gentleman has been making.
and i'm too old to start breaking in another one.
you're very funny.
you lose the taste.
if you tell the truth, this will not burn your tongue.
how do you do, miss ogi?
you really think he's innocent?
you're killing your mother.
just why did you kill those inoffensive people?
you're wasting your time.
you moron!
you couldn't be more wrong.
your man can't miss him.
it was my fault you got sick.
and that's really more our fault.
you hit my car, i want $30,000 for the damages
and did you subsequently test the blood of the dead woman?
you did kill sam lynk, didn't you?
and when she got under there she had a feeling of being very small a child a very curious and somehow frightening feeling, as if she'd been there before.
what waste?
there's an enemy post three miles away so we'll have to sleep in the jungle.
and get this into your stupid skull.
you're idiot.
really, father?
who the heck is oscar?
what's wrong, sir?
and that makes his charg e against you obviously so much nonsense.
you'll kill me for nothing, because when you get there, it'll be a vegetable shop, or a hairdresser.
but our fierce hatred of war will never diminish!
it's over now and i'm a little tired.
you see, sigbritt and charlotta made a tapestry and angelica baked a cake, and anna has painted a really good picture,
you think the man's an idiot or something?
but i'm just a coward when it comes to doing it.
honestly 
you were plenty scared!
but then i made a mistake.
you don't really mean you'll kill me, do you?
you mustn't be afraid.
what's wrong?
you really didn't think that?
really, natalia?
and i say i did not find out he was seriously killed by these bastards,
you can't tell him the truth.
but i plan murder ahead.
you are reflected in your own indifference.
what the hell!
must be quite a shock after all these years, for a chap to learn the truth about his wife.
why don't you smoke one and relax?
what did he die for ?
what the hell!
and a man has got to do something about what's in his heart, or it'll break.
you keep getting it wrong.
you treat her any other way at your own risk.
what the hell did you say?
you'll guide us and you'll tell us exactly where and how it all happened.
but if anyone votes not guilty, we stay here and talk it out.
what's your problem?
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty, on the surface.
he really had style.
"you mustn't beg my forgiveness.
in fact, sir, eight of the nine men that died in our shack died of dysentery.
and to break a contract, you need to know who you signed it with.
and unexpected.
but how?
how d'you do, miss ogi?
what the hell
you think he could have made the kind of wound that killed his father?
does he really exist?
"so i am taking the coward's way out of everything.
imagine how he feels with such rumors flying.
you should drop dead!
and it must not be permitted to strike at all.
you don't lie.
 who's beaten the poor man so?
you might at least strike it.
then what?
you scared the living daylights out of me.
that's exactly the point this gentleman has been making.
but i'm afraid i didn't see anything unusual.
you can't seat here and wait till they come down and kill you?
you are lying.
then what is it?
then it turned out to be a vice presidency.
you're all wet and muddy again.
but what will hurt me is waiting in that hotel room not knowing whether the carabinieri have caught you and stood you against the wall.
so what?
what's wrong?
you did fall for it.
you gonna tell him the truth?
you can't seat here and wait till they come down and kill you?
and did you subsequently test the blood of the dead woman?
 what's wrong?
you are unfortunate.
yes, surely.
and when you had that newborn baby smothered, was that not murder?
you're furious.
you really are stupid!
and you weren't under an emotional stress, were you?
your what?
 not really.
but the atmosphere's becoming frigid.
but don't get the idea that it was all white man's wickedness.
you saw it wrong.
but, don't let that worry you.
you got this all wrong.
you got him drunk by sticking that tub e down his throat and pouring whiskey in him.
what's got you so down in the dumps?
or what he's like or anything.
you lost your ship?
and as for you, may you have a motheriniaw with the evil eye and find scorpions in your bed!
you never sick.
what would he kill park for?
but many young people nowadays go astray over minor things
look how she hides her face in shyness and how much she has to confess.
how are you feeling, miss mckay?
and you don't really approve of me.
you're gonna spoil me.
you really think he's innocent?
you're speaking to the wrong man.
they're lushing it up and fighting all the time and if somebody gets killed, so somebody gets killed!
you're the one that's lying to yourself.
you know i don't mean any harm.
and i am worthless
and if we die, we die without god.
money isn't the point anymore.
how blue and lonely i'd be
one bad night and you'll be out.
you know, you really are funny.
but as for having us powerless, with nowhere to turn, that's something else again.
and were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
what about those scratches on her hand?
and i am worthless
but why?
but she was acquitted, insufficient evidence.
you gotta kill him twice.
so what?
 the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
you and your rail road.
you're very nosey.
what the heck's going on in there?
you're utterly ruthless and never listen to anyone but yourself.
so if you wanna be stubborn and hang this jury, go ahead.
you were plenty scared!
 really?
you're lying.
and have a smoke.
and what about the airfield control tower?
nobody really can.
so what are you looking for?
your vampire could be insane but he could also just as easily be someone in full possession of his mental faculties.
you're very tired.
and, connie, just because it happened in your house don't think that any of it was your fault.
you would die.
but you can't mean that, surely.
in fact, they deported me three times.
you want to spank him?
so who really inspired you?
you also have to consider other things, franz, even though it appears heartless to talk about it.
 what's the trouble?
you idiot!
you're not gonna intimidate me.
you shouldn't have any trouble.
you have lost your daughter
but i won't fall for that again!
but i'd be lying.
froy and lord sorrington can't both be telling the truth.
besides, you're an unusually insufferable young man who thinks he's really something.
and what about me?
and if i know moscow, they'll really make use of that.
and who revealed this to you, hobart?
 how's my severest critic?
it says here that jesse james really isn't a criminal, that he's just misunderstood.
you had an itching for her.
you killed whom?
then we all get killed.
you having another attack?
you killed that girl.
or squander it gambling?
but we've decided not to let it spoil the ball and to go on dancing as if nothing had happened.
and don't think too much, or you'll get meningitis, moron!
what the hell?
you really want to go?
and he'll end up crippled.
what bad was that?
and what about hearing the kid yell, huh?
and if they love each other, they're jealous of that in each other.
you're confused.
and i smoke a pipe.
then this is the truth?
what a waste that would be.
and these hieroglyphics really mean something?
you're acting crazy!
but if he loses that someone, he's dead as a doornail.
then if you don't come up with something, namely a saved soul, you're liable to wind up policing the library.
but my best is really this eggbeater.
and you broke every little kid's heart.
or some punch, mr. anderson.
you're hurting me!
and the atomic bomb!
what pain?
why would i be afraid of the sun?
 tell old lonesome the truth.
 what bomb?
and this miss x everyone was trying to protect?
or did somebody bump you on the head one time and you haven't gotten over it?
could that really be a human voice?
or am i going mad?
you might have taken cold.
what's wrong, boris?
what a strange wilderness.
you mad about something?
how strange!
and the slaves must be set free.
you didn't really mean it, now, did you?
and there were some who just got tired of living.
they got one in where it would do the most damage and we're going to lose the ship.
and that native outside, he'd liked to have killed me if he could.
you said you'd do it and you killed her, didn't you, ed?
and the doctors think that she should immediately be moved to another climate, because it would be dangerous
you meet up, you break up andthen you start over.
you know, you can overdo those exercises.
what the hell are you doing?
you can't hang 'em without a trial.
you could have a relapse.
then what?
then she come along, started seeing 'im on the sly.
♪ you can't get far without a rail road ♪
or he may slow down or speed up.
and you should wear your dark suit.
romolo is really taking the piss!
you're on the go, and i'm stuck.
how about this controversy over atomic energy?
 let's get to the point.
what's wrong with bore?
how do you prove it untrue to the friends of lieutenant von werrer?
who is dead?
why are you so alarmed?
but i had the most terrible dream.
you are going to call on miss barkley in spite of all my warnings.
and if they don't figure that then they'll figure we'll take him over to contention put him on the 3:10 to yuma.
what's the trouble all about?
what i really mean is do i mean everything to you as you do to me?
but saito's cut their food rations and if he makes the sick men work
 what kind of a trick is that?
you'll never be lonely again.
you are beginning to get mad?
why should anyone want to kill him?
"you mustn't beg my forgiveness.
you miss him more than i ever realized.
you were almost dead.
then she come along, started seeing 'im on the sly.
but if you need me, just breathe hard.
surely the evil spirit of spider's forest foretold the truth.
he wouldn't really lie.
and what do you call a man who thinks about nothing but
and you have been living as the wife of the prisoner, leonard vole?
who said i was a cynical, hardhearted newspaperman?
why, this is crazy.
you saw it when you wrote that note accusing your husband of murder.
and neither was the mistress.
what's so strange?
you'll knock down my ice pieces!
and é tried to sneak in.
you always find excuses for everything that elisabeth does.
you certainly were angry tonight at the theater.
"your life, o fool
what if i died?
you see, orzechowski had some grievances with the railway.
and they don't need any real big reason to kill someone, either.
a small thing, but actually
nothing to it, really.
"what, if anything, is wrong?"
you're unfit for service.
and, of course, that was the first time where we proved that the nuclei of comets actually existed and that they're mostly composed of water ice.
you gonna stop worrying now?
you're making me nervous.
who is the unlucky man getting stuck in marriage?
but what?
then this is the truth?
then why'd you come back?
 supposing he really did hear it.
you agree that the point and the cutting edge are razorsharp?
 what concern is that of mine?
you will trick that sannyasi into coming here, into your room
"and some fragments of broken glass.
believe me, he's really going to do it.
your arrest for murder is only minutes away.
yes, but why?
and neither was the mistress.
you will lose also.
and two, the fact that she described the stabbing by saying she saw the boy raise his arm over his head and stab down into the father's chest.
charlie was stubborn so i said okay.
but what's happening?
it's completely waterproof and actually plastic.
you are all doomed, do you hear?
and what happens then?
so i complained to my father.
and you weren't under an emotional stress, were you?
and in arranging the marriage, you lied to the authorities?
you realized you had to apologize to all those you exasperated?
you don't sucker me into that.
and just let the vermouth blow a kiss at the gin.
you look dog tired!
but you're ugly!
you want to kill me!
you looked death in the face, went to meet it yourself.
you were plenty scared!
you know the real reason why he tried to kill you.
you would die.
 oh, really?
how easily he talks of killing people.
 actually, don't call!
 251 actually.
how insignificant all of a sudden.
and in this, i've failed, as i have failed in other things.
you're missing the point entirely.
you miss, get dressed immediatedly!
they're lushing it up and fighting all the time and if somebody gets killed, so somebody gets killed!
 what's wrong with you?
and then she hid her crime for fear of how we'd react to her being assaulted by her stepfather.
how is miss han?
why is he, despite all, a mocking reality i can't be rid of?
that's really shameful!
you are funny.
but i've never lost that much weight.
and what was the condition of the room, chief glass?
you know, boys what really bugs me about our limey cousins is the way they keep on trying to act like a firstclass outfit when their store is having to close branches all over the world.
you're making me nervous.
but i'm not antagonistic to him.
how do you know they'll give it to miss thornton?
you're just jealous!
oh grandma, there's really no point in talking.
you are a german infiltrator or a confessed deserter.
what harm could he do, the passage through his land?
you know, being this civilized is ridiculous.
but why?
you kept on hitting him until you crushed the life out of him.
you were plenty scared!
why, what's wrong with them?
but it was burning, bodies around
that's really all that matters.
and what happened to them?
so what?
but you are so rough!
and how does washizu fare in battle?
you shouldn't be afraid of girls.
but stop being so jealous.
or that you were conspiring with him and his attorney to ruin your husband?
what stupid idiot writes this?
you drink and sneer and hurt!
what's the trouble?
you don't look so bad yourself.
your assistant spoke about a poison which causes a deathlike sleep from which one awakes.
you almost missed me.
you're crazy.
you make me feel ashamed.
you know i'm stuck on her.
the iguana is a kind of crocodile, although not really a crocodile
you can't study the layout of the bridge after dark.
and she herself testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
 what crime have i committed?
you really want to go?
how d'you do, miss ogi?
 what's wrong?
you what?
actually, it had started off badly because he first sent me a letter saying he couldn't take me because of some laws it was a bit of an alibi that prohibited using foreigners.
you must have saved many from povem and misfortune?
you lost him?
what's so funny?
what kind of trouble has she been in before?
what the hell's that supposed to mean?
what's that, your cut of the fargo job or the mail train massacre?
and i'm tired of hearing about that
who's drunk?
and what keeps on and on catching my eye.
what's wrong with you since yesterday?
then there is no mistake, senor.
what are you wasting everybody's time in here for?
what stole all them eggs and bread and meat and stuff.
nothing, really.
 what the hell does
and yet under what pretext can i commit high treason?
but that's ridiculous, inspector, because i did it.
no, he really wanted to marry me.
you loathe me, don't you?
you are mad, aren't you?
and this man may be dying.
then life is a senseless terror.
yeah, but what if sometimes it
 not really.
then who would build your bridge?
you did it, and you're just as bad as they are!
and the demon took him.
why didn't you attack the ant hill singlehanded?
you, you're just human scum.
but the big news today is from hollywood and the report that tv star, bobo brannigansky, the jungle man and rita marlowe, cinema queen, have broken up.
but we've decided not to let it spoil the ball and to go on dancing as if nothing had happened.
but what about my old age?
but when she saw this kid killing his father, she was in the house alone.
and the doctor says it is not lethal.
 you really are crazy, aren't you?
what's wrong, you okay?
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
isn't it the truth?
you can't refute facts.
and what happened to them?
who stole the documents?
"do hypnotized people always tell the truth?"
 how'd you lose lejeune?
what's all the desperation about?
you have drunk too much, haven't you?
you lost it?
and the twins say that you're mad about girls.
you'll have to kill me first.
and what will i have to do?
slim actually hit 'em!
so unlucky.
you want to kill me?
and in arranging the marriage, you lied to the authorities?
do you all think that's really funny?
yes, sir, that would really be a show.
you don't wanna hurt charlie.
you're tired and i'm falling apart.
but we are not going to die.
what a dirty mind.
so you're the gentleman who was in trouble.
and us with it, dead?
doctor, is there anything really wrong with waldren?
but what's wrong, diana?
so that's why you're playing chess with death.
your hate poisons everything and everyone.
what ugly beasts!
there's gonna be something really surprising
you have destroyed them and tried to destroy me.
but my best is really this eggbeater.
the evidence given by the woman across the street, who actually saw the murder committed.
 really?
and what about gaston?
what's wrong?
but don't you worry about the monster ?
so it is with his death.
but above all else i don't want him to know that i'm as full of doubts as i've got to admit i am.
you heard the experiment is very dangerous.
you've lost again.
you're always so irritable, and you keep picking on me.
the boy still is really weak.
you on that highflyin ' cloud
but what reason have you got, general?
you could do much worse.
is it really true?
"and the caves of the earth for the fear of the lord
so candid, he's already told me we'll have to sue him for our fees.
what are you afraid of?
but panteley prokofievich had died when they retreated.
let's say some people honestly believe in the supernatural.
not really.
"how do you do, miss shannon?" "how do you do, mr. hagen?
you don't know miss plimsoll.
your rationalism is as dry as dust.
you want a drug addict for a principal?
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty, on the surface.
you'll be the first to die.
what is there to fear?
and i am worthless there's no denying it.
and you don't look so bad yourself, huh?
but this court martial is such a stain and such a disgrace.
but that's joe the killer.
but what?
you're not to worry about that one bit.
you can check it a hundred times, but if it wants to get stuck, it will.
but what about max collodi?
froy and lord sorrington can't both be telling the truth.
you'll kill me, i know it.
but, unfortunately, there's nothing we can do for him.
agreed. but what about their claim?
you must prepare yourselves for the worst.
but what are we doing here?
 what did he die for?
 what a futile, senseless murder.
so what?
why are you scared?
what do you mean, nervous?
no, but it's possibe the boy lost his knife and somebody else stabbed his father with a similar knife.
you could have broken my brother's skull.
did he, in fact, return at 25 past 9?
all she has to do is tell the truth.
and all these time the 7 rats try so hard to make you leave
so i studied hard.
and what did it get him?
and it's my fault.
but, if the wolf kills me another animal, mind you
why, the little liar, playing games with me.
you must stay sober, you mustn't drink any more.
you are so broken hearted just because an ox died?
why, grandma, what a suspicious mind you have.
'but the big news today is from hollywood 'and the report that tv star bobo brannigansky, the jungle man, 'and rita marlowe, cinema queen, have broken up.
what need for the advice of cowards, who quake and pale under fire?
 they want anything but the truth.
you are afraid to face your god.
why, it killed him deader than a doornail.
how do we know this isn't some kind of trick?
and i am worthless
you whine to your heart's content!
so you're drunk!
it really does.
you know, push dirt?
you need a lukewarm bath and your calcium injection.
you treat her any other way at your own risk.
but a woman wants to experience danger.
actually i was supposed to send it to seoul yesterday but i haven't written a word.
it's the truth.
what lies did he tell?
you don't hurt anybody, seth.
and what will they do?
 who the hell knows?
please, i know .. how much she has lost.
and you have been living as the wife of the prisoner, leonard vole?
you are trying to steal mr. hiraoka.
and when i did, it came back "addressee unknown."
and you have been living as the wife of the prisoner, leonard vole?
you see, sigbritt and charlotta made a tapestry and angelica baked a cake, and anna has painted a really good picture, and kristina and birgitta wrote a song that they'll sing to him.
but that would only reopen an old wound.
you're trouble!
and what happened to your heels?
what did he die for?
you're just talking, you know no one here will met you lf someone came up here with hard coin you'll try to..
then, at the request of a mr kaufmann, you met miss veldon.
you're dead meat!
you spoil all those creeps you pick up.
you couldn't be taken in by that absurd story.
you're a fool.
and he never mentioned miss veldon to you?
but isn't it strange that the hypnotist chose the name oscar?
you want a drug addict for a principal?
you say that ain't no joke?
and its sudden enthusiasm for lonesome rhodes.
she was the one who actually saw the killing.
he's really called alex?
although he was mistaken in his judgment, he was surely no traitor.
who could have written such nonsense?
and what happens with that guy out there with his hot little scoop?
 what a pity.
what nonsense is that you've painted?
you stood up to death itself.
and what went on in that prison, a thousand locked up that way they sounded like dogs, moon howling and moaning.
not really an accountant, sir.
but me, i'm not dead.
now you're really groping in the dark.
 i beg to report, sir, that i was really shamming.
you must have problems.
why don't we let the police worry about it?
you are sick?
what actually happened is this.
and how is your cousin?
you're a foxy old geezer.
 nothing really.
who is nicky more likely to tell his plot to?
the actors, of course, have no way of knowing their performance is sowing the seeds of panic amongst hundreds of thousands who believe they're actually hearing a facto report.
you're pathetic!
you'll scare the birdie.
you've been through a terrible ordeal.
but dying for it?
why didn't you kill him?
you're going to die for sure, if you go out there.
and are still more scared.
so like the comandante, so lacking in tact.
but this confession would have earned me two years at least for swindling.
why, that's a terrible thing to say.
why are you lying?
 he has to fight or i can't kill him.
you've got to gamble honestly!
and if they love each other, they're jealous of that in each other.
so it was decided there was no use to have an innocent girl's name dragged through that kind of thing.
 but she was really leveling.
you sick?
you shouldn't get so scared.
you got into something bad, fernand.
but what he forgot to say was there'd be a great big old red eye looking straight at me.
you're getting mad, too?
but how do you tell a man his son was killed?
nobody really can.
and what did you write?
what about the murder?
what happened to the knife?
so what kind of subject do you need?
or squander it gambling?
you frighten me.
but who's that guy?
you whine to your heart's content!
why do i have to die, father?
 but it is, really.
what beats me is it's completely unknown.
you've lost your poker face.
you can curse me or yell at me if you want to.
you couldn't be more wrong.
so why the hell did you come to these virgin soils?
but what did you run from in the woods?
 really?
your jealousy is morbid, unbearable.
and what do you do with two chicks?
you're gonna fall!
then this is the truth?
why are you so concerned?
but what do you want me to do?
what a misfortune!
and the demon took him.
you crazy americans!
and what about this business of the el and the movies?
but what?
how's my severest critic?
then why all the secrecy?
you can curse me or yell at me if you want to.
then who killed him?
and what lovely eyes.
but i fear it could be unpleasant news and, as a result, destroy all of my hope.
how about we use rosa to mess things up a bit?
why don't you and miss emmarac go over and hoist a few?
hundreds of people swore to the reality of the loch ness monster in the scottish highlands years ago.
you scare me.
but even your own people, do they really believe you could tag along behind six hurricanes and not be noticed?
you surprised me, miss rui!
you are lying.
you superstitious?
what a liar you are.
but who told you it was me?
 how do you live with it, miss bruce?
how rough does it usually get?
that is the truth.
then what you're saying in essence, is that black is white and two and two make six.
what's your squeal, stickup?
that is the truth.
what about the suicide?
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
you're wasting your time with that.
and this time, the forest fire has supplied the bridge so long denied.
and he's been frightening me stiff for days.
you phoned me up about a leak?
but i'm afraid, pierre.
tell me the truth, idiot.  nothing special.
what's your squeal, stickup?
that really hurt.
what about that business with the knife?
you complain?
why did they kill the manager?
you're really annoying
what the hell!
or am i wrong?
you're scared.
why, in 20 years he never once sentenced a man to death.
you scoundrel!
what stole all them eggs and bread and meat and stuff.
but if he's alive and hasn't managed to die again this time for real he will move around and leave traces, naturally.
how scary.
you want to see this boy die because you want it, not because of the facts.
what a scare!
you are up in the clouds, what is wrong with you?
yeah, and if it wasn't for that henshaw dame, and you came in here with that stupid suggestion,
what bad was that?
what happens while you've surrendered your weapon and given it to the nurse and the enemy shows up?
you lost your head.
you're the only one who hasn't been contaminated by this american.
how insolent!
and what if the guards do not stay where they usually stay?
why didn't you attack the anthill singlehanded?
you were getting over your broken heart.
and one time, while the governess dictated one of her boring letters,
what is all that commotion pattanayak?
how coarse he is.
and it was real dark and muddy.
you really think he's innocent?
it was really something, mr. chaney.
you can't go wrong at the emporium.
 really?
it's completely waterproof and actually plastic.
no really.
and after his brother, artist gorelov, died, he started acting strange.
i'd hate to be a wet blanket if it really is a joke.
 why is it wrong?
that's exactly the point this gentleman has been making.
and lifeless first some days within my lady's womb, my lady's health is far from certain.
but these idiots broke me.
you no sick.
you keep on forgiving your enemies, then!
what are you afraid of, griff?
 what, for confession?
and who's gonna feed you now?
you'd have heartless eyes and an obstinate mouth.
one is really fit.
it's really a natural, mr. la salle.
then how come you got underneath me?
but people say "december snow makes babies hasty".
and who shall be favored with these delicious berries picked in the early morn by a lovely young woman?
what the devil do you want her for?
and the lucky ones that escaped, burning in the oil, riddled by bullets.
you'll get tired.
at what time will this person deign to show up?
was it to keep the truth from me?
and don't forget what nargu said about it being taboo for strangers to go near the tabanga.
why, it killed him deader than a doornail.
so why is it my fauét?
yeah, but how far and how fast?
you lose again.
now are you trying to tell me that this knife really fell through a hole in the boy's pocket someone picked it up off the street, went to the boy's house and stabbed his father with it just to test its sharpness?
but how did this er
it's my fault you're an airhead?
what's wrong?
you're furious at tristan.
and what do i find?
but stop being so jealous.
what do you mean, a mistake?
why, if that sorokin guy had really hit him, he'd break him in two.
and don't you worry, mrs. mckay.
and you failed dismally.
the truth is, i just lost the bannister account.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
you don't sing scared, but you are.
and he only wants to kiss in the dark, and he talks about sin.
you killed him, didn't you?
so what?
you're gonna blow a fuse.
but not because i'm afraid to be on foot.
you'll spare yourself and your colleague lot of trouble.
you want a drug addict for a principal?
there's an enemy post about three miles away so we shall have to sleep in the jungle.
you're a coward.
you poor thing.
you'll never be lonely again.
but why don't you wait tiéé the picture's finished?
why, it killed him deader than a doornail.
 let the public see what a fraud he really is.
oh, really?
so i studied hard.
you said he wanted to kill me.
not really the moment.
what has all this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
you will attend to these petty details yourself.
the mizushima family is really upset with her.
but where to find someone who'll take the risk?
you went away, because i stole.
you may have nothing to lose but other people have.
and as far as equity is concerned, it's the end of the line.
and what's it made of?
you know, this is maddening.
but very gloomy.
it's on the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
and how's our friend?
and don't fret about the office.
and what keeps on and on catching my eye.
you must get lonely.
you ought to be ashamed.
you're making me very nervous.
you're talking about primitive peoples.
you are in possession of some very dangerous information, and l
and it became utterly, utterly quiet everywhere.
what about the switch knife they found in the old man's chest?
you are worried.
and i'm too old to start breaking in another one.
your mother has beaty confused with heidelberg
that is the truth.
so what?
i was really sick at that time.
you're acting so strange.
and what vices may a woman have?
you have to watch a lot of terrible things.
how strange!
so what led you astray?
and don't say i wasted somebody ever again.
 my mother surely had an ugly one.
what a fiasco!
your breakfast'll be cold.
the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
how's the sick lady?
who do i talk to about lost and found?
you're a liar.
if you're really afraid of dying you'd be living in a funk all the rest of your life because you know you've got to go someday, any day.
and this room is a prison to me
you idiot!
you've lost me professor.
and it's my fault.
what's the trouble all about?
 fanny is really hurt!
and who says anything?
but stop being so jealous.
what's the trouble, monsieur?
that isn't really a christmas present.
but it will be difficult to handle the utensils.
what's wrong?
but at this time of year with the fresh snow falling to go peak climbing, just to
what were you afraid of?
and everything is dark in front of you.
and complacency quickly turned to panic.
what's wrong with me today?
you mean keep punting and wait for a fumble?
 who the hell are you?
and if he come, i do not know if it is to speak or to kill.
you would die.
why don't you take miss henshaw home and i'll stay here and i'll work on this.
why did you let him destroy that plane?
you're wrong.
and what's happening now.
no, she said he was drunk and lazy, and he deserted her and she committed suicide over the kind of life that lucas brought them to.
you scared it away.
who the heck could?
you're a foxy old geezer.
and it is also said man, using the magic power of the ancient runic symbols can call forth these powers of darkness the demons of hell.
what's wrong?
you act as if you wanna get killed.
what kind of a husband is it who writes letters accusing his wife of poisoning him?
what makes life so difficult?
what trick?
what were sara and sigfrid doing in the wild strawberry patch?
or kill him.
 but really.. tonight?
you might fall.
you should catch him in his own trap.
really, manny.
please, dear tree, tell me who the bear really is.
is his voice really okay?
you still hate me.
but what do you want me to do?
 what sort of stupid joke is this?
your majesty, he is really lonely
why are you so concerned about me?
but, dave, ginny's dying.
why do you delude yourself?
what the hell kind of a mother are you?
you should really see them then in the little towns.
you are dirt, just like me and i'm tired of hearing about that georgia plantation and all them lilywhite friends of yours.
i'm really gonna freeze
it's really true.
but isn't it strange that the hypnotist chose the name oscar?
why don't you let me bunk here?
so, i studied hard.
how did he die?
so filled with anger.
i'll really kill him!
and so one falls and then falls in love.
you wanted me to slap you, if you were a fool.
but myw ife has been dead for years!
and salvation from hell
what's it you if someone is dead, you vagabond?
or maybe a juggler who accomplishes the only impossible trick.
you're liable to kill somebody and be killed in turn.
and two: the fact that she described the stabbing by saying she saw the boy raise his arm over his head and stab down into the father's chest.
you all hate me!
 what's wrong with you then?
then we're all wasting our time.
and believe me, the other person becomes sick of his slave.
 what's wrong?
you were present last night when this alleged attack took place.
 let's get to the point.
you are not to refuse any information whatsoever.
what do you mean, trick?
and why did you wear that color?
you're wrong, skyler.
you want to kill me!
and what's the sheep for?
you're going home before you get into trouble!
wherever you run into it, prejudice always obscures the truth.
we're scared somebody's gonna find out the truth about what we do.
and waste all that precious gin?
and what did each one of them do?
but saito's cut their food rations and if he makes the sick men work.
what's the point of having witnesses at all?
 yes, surely.
and it isn't called murder.
you miss him more than i ever realized.
you get the hell?
why did you let him destroy that plane?
what the heck?
try to see the truth!
but what can i do?
you've spoiled everything.
or kill him.
you find some flaw in this reasoning?
so then he said if his parents rejected our union, we'd die together.
why, the old rogue.
you gotta have an engine and you gotta have a track
you think claudia was killed by one of the students?
what a disaster!
but what ?
what are they afraid of?
you were obstructing justice.
all this fuss and you made me forget the sauce.
you think he gave himself those 2 knife wounds?
then what did you do?
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
you're lost.
why spoil it?
"and there fell a great star from heaven
and who is this third man, mr. graves?
but i had a number of very sad experiences!
you're gonna be dead inside of a year.
you never set foot in england again or attempt to blackmail your victims.
and are you aware, mrs helm, that the penalty in this country for perjury is a heavy term of imprisonment?
one who'll send her off begging.
but combating one wrong with another is not acceptable, nor bringing one person out of danger by endangering another.
how can we greet this attack?
it is a really serious issue
 what's wrong, mr king?
 what do you mean, "nothing, really"?
you know, these kids are insane.
you bum.
you're wrong!
that's exactly the point this gentleman has been making.
you don't want to hang out with me anymore?
what you ask is impossible.
what i found scarcely answers that description.
 what actually happened is this.
you've all got to understand that the reason you were picked is immaterial.
surely they won't execute a man in that condition?
why am i so sad?
you killed a man?
you got an ugly way of telling things, mr. hewitt
and lost too.
you don't need to get mad
you don't really want to scream, do you, manty?
who could we fool into marrying her?
so what?
you are scared.
you mean, you really want them to build the bridge?
you are all condemned.
so, are you going to break into jail and kill him?
you're furious at tristan.
and if you're so worried about the money
and did you subsequently test the blood of the dead woman?
you know, it's really too bad that monsieur hogan couldn't come tonight.
not really.
you shouldn't stay blind for life.
oh, if they ever heard the way that psycho really talks.
and evald is growing just as lonely, cold and dead.
and i'd hate to lose my favourite sparring partner.
ned, i'm hurt, really.
you let them kill tommy.
you've been hurt badly.
so why don't we let hank keep trying while we begin our own working?
 what's wrong, mr. king?
what's wrong?
what a strange thing to keep.
see who's sick.
so cold
you were horrible to me this afternoon!
and who's the one who calls me 'pa'?
but how?
you funny guys, always joking!
what a terrible thing to happen!
some of those parties are actually working against each other.
imagine how he feels with such rumors flying.
you were getting over your broken heart.
but the atmosphere's becoming frigid.
but the fool brings up the rear with his lute.
actually, it's my fault.
and how is your ankle?
you heard mrs french and the prisoner discussing her new will?
and he walked very slowly to the stand.
you know i don't smoke?
you're lying.
in fact, we did in america, but the viewers kept getting involved and during one of the more violent scenes, we lost half our audience.
what a misfortune.
but he doesn't mean a word he says because he's cold as ice.
you're the shock absorber for collisions with exwives and models and new wives and assorted tramps.
your jealousy is morbid, unbearable.
you'll get an ugly scratch if you do.
why, you never even ran the shop until mum died.
she honestly thought she saw the boy kill his father.
you won't be hungry or freeze.
you drunken sot!
you look anxious.
you're nothing but a delusion and a snare.
 listen to me that really a ghost!
so they've killed our ferdinand, mr. schweik!
you didn't kill him, richard, you ruined him.
what would be wrong with that if they did?
you complain?
what's the percentage in singing' for a bunch of cons?
it really doesn't matter.
and we will need every soldier we have combing the hills to catch our escaped prisoner.
what a stupid way to get surrounded.
you no sick.
you're hungry, poor thing, huh?
and who shall be favored with these delicious berries picked in the early morn by a lovely young woman?
and i smoke a pipe.
how often you hear people say that because of some woe but you didn't have that in mind, i hope.
then how do you explain it?
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
and in this, i've failed, as i have failed in other things.
what can be the cause of miki's delay?
 what the devil's going on here?
but myw ife has been dead for years!
you are unworthy of command!
or because some fool driver got what he deserved?
you're always straight to the point, daisy.
to tell you the truth, i'm kinda tired, rufe.
you can refuse my gifts but don't tell me my business.
you're a coward.
okay. (giggles) oh, really?
yes, sir, that would really be a show.
what the heck?
you might have trouble persuading that man.
what are you actually demanding?
so you really did it?
she needs surgery to live but we're broke!
then what do you call it?
about the truth of the law.
really, mr. merino, this has all been a figment of your imagination, believe me, but you have fever, and a high one.
and yet, murder it must be.
you look worried.
more secrecy, but the fight i had even for that and, in the end, through a technical loophole.
but i'm scared, i'm scared.
what do i have to die for?
but a lie can make lovers of enemies.
how bad?
you're not gonna intimidate me.
and naturally, you heard sam lynk mention the murderer's name.
you use the wrong stuff on it though.
but when a copper gets killed, that's another story.
so what?
and what about this business of the el and the movies?
you're worrying about nothing.
you really should.
how it stinks!
what we have witnessed in an insult to all polish railway men!
but what about all this?
what the devil's he got to be scared about?
but how can we search the house without a warrant?
why are you as gloomy as a fish?
but he said something nasty!
but she got wasted again.
you're utterly ruthless and never listen to anyone but yourself.
but lost, this year's harvest.
you shouldn't worry, ros etta.
why do you have to ridicule his resolve?
what's wrong?
why, i'll turn them into scabby jackals, into ugly, disgusting toads.
you lost your ship ?
but he's still the child of an enemy.
how that stumblebum fell for it!
so what?
and our radiation killed those who came too close.
that's the truth.
then pray it isn't a mirage.
you're hopeless.
you hurt me.
you're just trying to scare me, is that it?
he who refuses to take the oath he dies.
you all know he's guilty!
who knows, with those two crazy swedes!
you wouldn't have done me any harm.
and excuse me a moment.
and who will pack your tails?
but one of the men took sick very suddenly this morning.
you're still as naughty as you were in childhood.
one who'll send her off begging.
or what.
so what if i am?
how do you stop the bleeding?
what is the cause of this noisy hand clapping, o volka?
you wouldn't have disturbed me.
what actually happened is this.
you could get sick without some scrubbing now and then
 really?
why do you have to ridicule his resolve?
but if anyone votes not guilty, we'll stay here and talk it out.
you could have broken my brother's skull.
why, there's a scorpion trapped in there.
what the hell did he want?
you have to watch a lot of terrible things.
and he refused outright?
but its claw was so strangely hot.
 why, hello, miss kratchna.
and then, recently, someone sent her husband a poison pen letter, exposing her past in the worst possible light.
how silly to write a song for a deaf old man.
you have a knife.
what's the mystery?
inui will surely turn against this fortress.
you ought to be ashamed.
but why?
you make me feel ashamed.
yeah, but it's all worn out.
you were drunk and staggering at the subway station.
but why does she drink?
you lose, grant.
you were shakin' with cold, ma'am.
you hear 'em coming, shimmy 'em down the middle.
you've got a real big hate for the law, haven't you?
what's his is his and what's theirs is his too.
but he left us to die.
in fact
so you aren't dead.
what is wrong with the fourth of july?
i'll really miss.
 really?
you're furious.
who made me blind?
you're a hard one to talk to.
what the hell
you ungrateful leech!
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
you are creating your rules, and you are breaking them.
and that if god meant us to fly, he would have made our bones as hollow as our heads.
so what if his girl's left him?
why does everybody put such store in the truth?
what a strange light.
you are going to call on miss barkley in spite of my warnings.
you're really going, after all.
what a pity.
and you are smelling of your paintings.
so what?
you should worry about the living.
but why?
 what kind of a bum is he?
you're not trying to fool me?
who gathered the wild strawberries for me?
you see, when a man gets fired off the railroad, he has a little trouble finding a job.
or leave it here and use it for punch cards.
so what's wrong with trying to find someone to help you forget?
he wouldn't really lie.
you got nobody now but me.
you're wasting your life away with him.
you are also accused of some minor but still serious offenses.
and the strict master death bids them dance.
but what do you care about me?
you'd break with all the child represents?
so it's prison.
what he said was a pack of lies.
so they're expensive.
now, my question is, if he really had killed his father why would he come back home three hours later?
or is this the one you killed?
but why all the dirt?
and all the omens certainly are terrible.
they got one in where it would do the most damage and we're going to lose the ship.
what's wrong?
what's wrong, mason?
why are you sore at me for?
what's so funny?
why you always play sick, shears?
you're lost.
so much business for a false marble gizmo.
you can't waste of time zwickley.
why do they make such a fuss?
you almost ruined the showing for the whole group.
let's say another 25% in actually taking the anthill.
why must he live on inside me in this painful, humiliating way when i want to tear him out of my heart?
you can't ask after you kill.
you picked him because he was a coward, didn't you?
you really did want to save those men and you were not angling for mireau's command.
i came to find the truth or lie of the old stories.
you're drunk.
how many times will the law be broken?
you sick?
 what crime have i committed?
and mayor king's no fool.
you don't have to bother.
so the absence of fingerprints in a robbery
you are spoiled.
but why are we talking in the cursed tongue, when we have the gaelic?
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
but it's a young lady, madam, a miss english.
you were so full of bitterness and selfpity.
you know why, because your officers are lazy!
you're drunk.
you know you can't interrupt emmarac in the middle of a sequence.
périer didn't know he was all those things, but that was the point.
boy [chuckles] you two really deserve each other.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
see who's sick.
why, he'll tell you a human sacrifice is no worse than a traffic accident.
a greenhorn, really bad.
you need to confess.
 it really creates it?
or if you were dead.
and i begin to have all sorts of doubts.
why are you such a fool?
"do hypnotized people always tell the truth?"
and how you were.
 what do you got, a cold?
and many will die, and he will be responsible.
# what a fool i used to be. #
what's that rubbish there?
you and your dirty gang.
and not even a single wound?
you're breaking me bottle arm.
you crazy idiot!
answer honestly, don't be afraid to upset me, senor.
you want to kill me?
and what about me?
and, oddly enough, he's japanese.
and that makes me so lonely.
what's so terrible about the way people look into empty whiskey glasses?
you didn't cheat on me?
and have a smoke.
don't be angry at me but i don't seem to understand.
why, it's strict as a whistle, boy.
what's wrong?
who the hell are you?
why have you broken her hands?
and who's to say that the truth is always good?
but she has another kind of virus,
you scared the living daylights out of me.
you, you're just human scum.
–you don't wanna miss it.
you should see the abscess the limbs knotted in frenzy.
you're dead wrong, mr. barnes.
you can't believe what an awful bore he is.
the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
you want me to say it stinks?
who could have written such nonsense?
and that dress is terrible.
but i haven't been much of a provider, i'm afraid.
and that geezer knew all about it.
and what of those who neither will nor can believe?
what an awful bloodstain.
what dance do you really want to learn?
 oh, really?
and what i like the best, is that i will fool those little generals.
what a terrible day!
you are a rogue.
so he was already known and had a kind of dark reputation.
your shame is their dishonor.
old man:(ln a rage) what are you doing?
and you should wear your dark suit.
you are mad.
who could have written such nonsense?
but who are you waiting for?
and let me tell you, they don't need any real big reason to kill someone either.
and if ever you're really up against it,
you're making a wreck out of me.
head mistress, it is just youthful impulses, surely, it will not happen again.
but how do we get the crab to step into it?
that isn't really a christmas present.
but if i die, she'll be heartbroken.
you're not going to get cold feet, are you?
you have been accused of guilt.
so what are you gonna do?
your grandmother doesn't seem so strict, if she lets you stay out overnight on your own.
you might make a bad move.
how did he force you to go to the point?
but the bird unquestionably radiates some sort of force, an energy screen, some invisible barrier.
 really?
 really?
you're the strangest girl i ever met.
and he'll find me, and he'll kill you.
and if you say you're not, you're lying.
you know, you're the most difficult person to get a wedding ring on.
 why are you scared?
so what?
but why take such an interest in her?
but if anyone votes not guilty, we'll stay here and talk it out.
you'll get a terribly wrong impression of the place today.
you don't have to worry about your dinner or any of that.
you have a hard life.
what do you hear in that bird's cry?
but it's also an almost complete list of every weakness in the soviet air force.
but, miss.
not really.
and did you subsequently test the blood of the dead woman?
so why don't we stop wasting our time here?
but why?
and i am worthless
but we must keep the devil away.
you use the wrong stuff on it though.
and i smoke a pipe.
but that's unhealthy.
how do you do, miss ogi?
 what actually happened is this.
"and grunt under a weary life?
get to the point.
you've got to say something so he knows that i have a man in here.
in fact it is the specific gravity.
but you were so puzzled.
but who is he?
what is beyond the burning plain?
you want to kill a horse?
why are you giving the oxen this dirty water to drink?
you don't have to worry.
but we've got this kid dead to rights.
you couldn't be more wrong.
or kill him.
and neither was the mistress.
and he walked very slowly to the stand.
and the awful omens
you're in bad with mr. williams.
but i haven't been much of a provider, i'm afraid.
what makes life so difficult?
then what do you want?
you can stuff your lies, and his bare truth, too!
so zorro is brought to a horrible end
but why?
you know, this is maddening.
you came out of nowhere, you don't know nothing, and all of a sudden you're all in an uproar.
and zapora didn't complain, either?
then why?
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty on the surface.
and what outfit?
that is the truth.
you have seduced many ladies, making a lot of people angry
nowyou're really groping in the dark.
you had to suffer so much.
when the navy learns the truth, they'll say:
you're ruining my fur.
but you must tell the police the truth.
and even stole your father's jeep.
you murderer!
you've been found guilty by a jury of your peers of the crime of manslaughter.
then why have you got the safety on?
what's cutting loose up here?
that is the truth, before god?
who the hell are you?
he didn't really mean that.
and what did you say?
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
but it's different when it really happens to you.
how stupid of me.
was he really?
advertisers actually calling in to buy time.
why am i foolish?
you're all wet and muddy again.
so what?
really, father?
you nervous or something?
and what do you call a man who thinks about nothing but
when the navy learns the truth, they'll say:
and what are they?
what kind of a conspiracy is this?
surely they won't execute a man in that condition?
you'll steal less if i go along.
you need rest badly.
but actually, those two witnesses were the entire case for the prosecution.
what's wrong with him?
who the heck could?
you cannot allow such vile insinuations against your character to go undenied.
why don't they die?
what if i refuse?
how unethical!
what's wrong?
you know it and i know it.
you tricked me and cheated me.
and you weren't under an emotional stress, were you?
now, you really are being foolish, seth.
you can't blame me for feeling amorous
you burning all fire.
how rude!
but how'll i manage with her?
or why not a minister?
 really, emily, i must protest.
kids get born and you just worry about it and you hope for them.
in heaven there is greatjoy it will soon be dawn but the heat is stifling.
you don't want to kill me, do you?
[gasps] oh, please, miss blair, really!
the coroner testified that lucas was unconscious from the first or second blow so you'd say you'd end the beating then, but you didn't stop.
and a lot of people have died in this world needlessly waiting for them.
why did you break into that store?
you on the loose?
but i stood in the middle and watched the unfit negroes get massacred by my partner, gezo, and his blacks.
but your father died in their prison.
you'll get a wrong impression of the place today.
you and tano are the guilty ones!
and in arranging the marriage, you lied to the authorities?
and the baby died for a few days.
why don't we put our noggins together sometime and have a little talk about this mystery?
you lied to me about the theatre.
you will rob my guests, even the poor ones.
but the priest says it is better to die clean than to live for hell.
and she doesn't even look guilty.
was he really?
how are you feeling, miss mckay?
but how?
and what do you bring here?
you shouldn't have any trouble getting a northbound steamer.
you can't hang all russia!
there's an enemy post three miles away so we'll have to sleep in the jungle.
your navy's in an awkward position.
so candid, he's already told me we'll have to sue him for our fees.
you can't study the layout of the bridge after dark.
so all she'll bring is trouble and guns, huh?
 how about your injury?
you can't kill me until after the 17th of the month.
why not tell him your troubles?
you're going to get weaker.
you mean, sir, you want me to tell the boys bad things about you?
you mean eccentric?
and joey's worse.
why didn't you attack the ant hill singlehanded?
you tried to trap him.
you risk your life.
you whine to your heart's content!
you spoil all those creeps you pick up.
you're no different from a thug.
what's so funny?
but it will be worse.
but it still hurts
supposing he really did hear it?
and he's not to leave the car until you've dumped him here at hq, got it?
and you learn to curb your temper.
this really hurts.
logan wearing the badge but he is afraid.
you mean lapses of time when you don't remember what's happened?
so what?
then what?
and without looking like a sick chicken!
you have to get over your cold first.
it means death surely to break the law twice.
but my best is really this eggbeater.
but i haven't been much of a provider, i'm afraid.
how about you, bore?
because in a few days, the force of the dripping water can actually drill a hole through the wood.
so just take it slow.
you are worried.
you're a selfish old man, uncle isak.
you've even caught a cold!
you act as if you want to get killed.
you want to ruin a girl's life for one word?
but lieutenant roget killed lejeune on that patrol and then blackmailed me into keeping quiet about it!
your husband will have to stand trial, i'm afraid.
you want to see this boy die because you personally want it, not because of the facts.
he couldn't, really.
confess and we can all go and have dinner.
you couldn't be more wrong.
you should know the princess is moody and arrogant.
your honour, i move to impeach this witness
how vile.
you really think she's gone on me?
and it looked like he was, all right, stretched out on the sofa, dead to the world.
or a juggler who does the one impossible trick.
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
so real that i completely fooled poor millie and more than a million others who slowly came to their senses and realized they've been panicked by a colossal halloween joke.
the truth.
you lost your husband when you were young.
you couldn't be more wrong.
you poor stupid slob.
you need a lukewarm bath and your calcium injection.
you talk nonsense!
you really want to go?
why'd you get lost?
but even without actually going, you could write him a letter.
and let me tell you, they don't need any real big reason to kill someone, either.
then how did they know?
you all know he's guilty!
so cold
so let's sort out love problems next time.
you didn't have a father who was sick.
you think he could have made the kind of wound that killed his father?
not really an accountant.
but you see what crazy wolf can do with an arrow, so don't let him get a bow range on you.
you look so solemn!
you told me that when you overwork you get nervous and lose weight.
what a bad boy you are!
and us with it, dead?
you'll be flying in a blind cockpit.
they've really clamped down.
what was there to fear from the police?
really, you girls kill me.
and what do i see
and being an outcast she's not subject to tribal law.
but my best is really this eggbeater.
you're lying to the smith.
you shameless hussy!
what a nauseating prospect.
you're not leaving my son in the hands of a stranger.
you want to wipe out civilization, destroy all life on this planet!
and i tried to sneak in.
and that means you the same strap as the rest of them slaves out yonder.
you are mad, aren't you?
you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
you seem nervous, comrade boroff.
 really?
and you've never failed to live up to it, sir.
but something was wrong.
on what grounds do you base your objection?
so far you've gotten what you want without violence, without really breaking the law.
what's wrong with that thing?
you know it and i know it.
why, he's a monster!
so what if there are?
 yet, it's the truth.
you're making me dizzy.
and who told you to go look for him, anyway?
it's very funny, really, happening to me like this.
then he dies.
you won't be disappointed, yardmaster!
you'd really like to own him?
why, miss yang.
what's wrong?
and he only wants to kiss in the dark, and he talks about sin.
and what happened to them?
and exploitation.
you didn't even bother to quit this time, just didn't show up yesterday.
you may have overlooked the fact that the use of officers for labour is expressly forbidden by the geneva convention.
and made a great wound upon the earth.
you're awfully late.
 oh, really?
but he doesn't mean a word he says because he's cold as ice.
and i got cold
 who's whining?
and that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
oh, really?
not really an accountant, sir.
and a burning candle?
what do you really want?
so what?
you may have overlooked the fact that the use of officers for labour is expressly forbidden by the geneva convention.
what do you mean, repetitive wordage?
so the army lets them get married and then forces them to desert their wives.
why must you steal?
but this too, ended on a tragic note, when the infuriated darnley interfered.
and killing at that.
oh, i must be off or i'll miss my train.
did he, in fact, return at 25 past 9?
surely the evil spirit of spider's forest foretold the truth.
you need a lukewarm bath and your calcium injection.
you've gone mad.
your rationalism is as dry as dust.
and i tried to sneak in.
your brother's definitely a fool.
and whatever seemed impossible before, will become simple, normal.
you funny man, shears.
you creep!
 what evil did he do?
what a disaster!
yes, really.
 what's wrong with that?
you'll get hurt.
your voice cracked.
so proud they could speak, they had to be cruel.
you're gonna kill the battery!
so what?
but even an old man doesn't have to be afraid of you.
you won't do things so poorly.
but the rays appeared to have killed every person throughout the world.
you are not afraid an ambush?
you lied, did you not?
you mustn't fall asleep during the picnic
and don't panic.
you don't care when that scoundrel kotacka pulls a revolver on your son.
you are dreadful.
but only after he was dead !
how dull it would be if it weren't.
and now miss betty lou fleckum.
you knew she was dead when you left?
what rumors?
you still angry with me?
your husband will have to stand trial, i'm afraid.
you say yes, millie, and stop worrying.
why is he despite all, a mocking reality i can't be rid of?
you naughty boy.
how hard can this be?
what do i have to die for, father?
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
you really will go to hell.
you're an ungrateful cuss, allison.
she was the one who actually saw the killing.
you're really serious, aren't you?
you lie.
what a pile of junk !
and every morning, to stop the resistance, and for his own pleasure, he hangs ten spaniards.
you tell him if i ever come down, it'll be to go to the slave quarters.
and if we die, we die without god.
you know, debts at cards debts at cards are debts of honour.
you loathe me, don't you?
 what the devil's going on here?
but why?
you're furious.
what the hell
you bum. ln two weeks you've moved in on every doll but gladys and linda.
then why don't you concentrate on it?
but how'll i manage with her?
what stupid idiot writes this?
you shouldn't get so scared, dan.
but who sent this?
what kind of a silly stunt is this?
what's sad about it?
you're gonna make me sore
what are you really afraid of, miss webster?
and it would have been my fault!
but what you want to do?
then what about you?
what were sara and sigfrid doing in the wild strawberry patch?
but if i die, she'll be heartbroken.
but why?
so i complained to my father.
and neither was the mistress.
you had an itching for her.
you're not hurt?
what's she so restless about?
you still hate me.
you're not trying to fool me?
you are mad.
so now allison's taking out all of his hate on one man?
and if he come, i do not know if it is to speak or to kill.
and it's all your fault.
you wanted him dead!
but what does that have to do with anything ?
what about the switch knife they found in the old man's chest?
you hear the noise, huh?
you are a rogue.
that's the truth.
"and his father has lost him."
you're blind as a mole.
you always feel trapped biologically.
listen, wyatt, the only thing i'm really scared of is dying in bed.
 let's get to the point.
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
you want the truth, and when you get it, you're?
what were sara and sigfrid doing in the wild strawberry patch?
you lousy loser!
you don't really mean you'll kill me, do you?
how sad my fate
you're gonna blow a fuse.
or kill him.
you poor child.
your troops refused to attack.
you're a real mystery, aren't you, gramps?
how loud do i have to talk?
then you can fire a warning squirt.
you have been taught to kill without weapons.
what do you mean, bunk?
is it really true?
and kill tang.
and who will pack your tails?
he who comes from the beyond  to complete the threat he made against me.
you sick?
what's her problem?
 what's wrong
she's not the type who'd really kill herself.
you're crazy.
 what'd i do wrong, officer?
so cold
and who will pack your tails?
the truth is my daughter did bring her troubles home and i wouldn't understand.
you are worried.
you say you cut yourself with a knife?
you would die.
how do they kill each other?
then why are you talking about a memory?
why should a chorus girl go out with a penniless boy especially if he were being cruel to her?
nobody really can.
what's wrong with albuquerque?
that isn't really a christmas present.
funny how everything you said comes back to me.
what trick?
you'll get a terribly wrong impression of the place today.
afraid what people might say?
you got me all confused now.
not really an accountant, sir.
what's wrong with her?
how is it not scary?
you mean you turned down an invite from me to go out with this tramp?
and did you subsequently test the blood of the dead woman?
 really?
you scoundrel!
you can't refute facts.
hypocritical what are in this country.
what kind of knife is it?
you are guilty of disorder.
but it will be worse.
why, he*s a monster!
and what was the answer?
and what will isak say, who really loves me?
and no cracks.
and the french are losing the war,
 how'd you lose lejeune?
you die.
you don't dare take even a 12.5 risk of being anchored here until the reactor runs down about two centuries from now.
you can utter dissenting ideas in a very loud voice.
you once referred to me as a gentleman so naturally i followed my own inclinations on that question.
you're dead if you don't.
you can give me two dollars extra for making me nervous.
you mean you really want that thieving', old, yeller dog?
what are you so nervous about?
lies trump the truth every time.
you chickenlivered, miserable
and i got this gimmick figured to pay me 6 billion.
and your house is the centre of this conspiracy.
then we shall expose him as a thief and a scoundrel.
but it could catch a cold.
look how dark it's gettin' out there.
you took the guns from the suspect?
you've even caught a cold!
you're lying to me.
how scary
and them cranky husbands to get off to work.
but the sadness
you think somebody else did the stabbing with exactly the same kind of knife?
but don't be scared.
your navy's in an awkward position.
in fact, what day is it today?
you're gonna kill the battery!
then what did you do?
keep it up. you'll be the funniest stiff in the morgue.
what's his problem?
you were drunk and staggering at the subway station.
a boy could go to the moon, if he really wanted.
so, what's the problem?
what has he done wrong?
so why are you here?
yeah, but, fellas, they're all blind dates.
you've ruined my life!
you're supposed to pretend it never happened.
surely they won't execute a man in that condition.
you see, sigbritt and charlotta made a tapestry and angelica baked a cake, and anna has painted a really good picture, and kristina and birgitta wrote a song that they'll sing to him.
 how's your headache?
but how do you know the caves connect with the pit?
not really an accountant, sir.
you are all doomed, do you hear?
and what's more, it's an incontestable fact.
and who's this janek?
your shame is their dishonour.
and it's just as bad on the outside.
they're lushing it up and fighting all the time and if somebody gets killed, so somebody gets killed!
why does it spell death for one man and lower taxes for another?
you and that magnolia dripping'.
yeah, but how far and how fast?
then she come along, started seeing 'im on the sly.
is it really true?
you and that magnolia dripping'.
what was killed was a demon, not a child.
but i'll live to kill him for that.
and do not panic.
but it is insane to try and escape.
and what would i do
what bitter disappointment!
but we've got this kid dead to rights.
in fact, that's cadet avery's story.
and the other senor what does he do?
so what?
 what's wrong?
you don't have to resort to such childish pranks.
you failed, then?
sir, what actually
that shows he really is a fool.
tell the truth.
you mean it gets rough in here if those plugs pop.
and so, while the new york stock exchange showed signs of restlessness, there was little or no uneasiness on the part of optimists.
you have to leave 'cause you're drunk.
that's exactly the point this gentleman has been making.
surely you won't refuse
what are you wasting everybody's time in here for?
what's wrong with albuquerque?
and if i'm touchy and why.
and i can't stand lies.
but i fear it could be unpleasant news and, as a result, destroy all of my hope.
you've got some wrinkles.
and them cranky husbands to get off to work.
and what about carson?
you said that since you'd known me, you'd been afraid of being a lonely old woman teaching dancing.
but what if there is?
and he might kill others.
then what?
you could have a relapse.
and evald is growing just as lonely, cold and dead.
and that's only possible through a stringent if somewhat cruel selection.
 why destroy merrill's registry card?
you'll remember, tano, korey must also die.
supposing you talk us all out of this, and, uh, the kid really did knife his father.
you look at him and feel jealous!
and they flee in terror from an incredible bogeymen, mythical invaders from the planet mars.
and the grim master, death, invites them to dance.
you must be punished for your shameless behaviour!
slim actually hit them!
but that's impossible.
you want this regret?
 why, it's really quite simple.
it's really sad, although he wanted it himself, poor thing.
only a barrister can actually plead a case in court.
you sick?
and if she is no more, everything will be meaningless.
 oh, really!
you are all doomed, do you hear?
you didn't hate it up there the way allie does, did you?
you were drunk and staggering at the subway station.
you're strange.
you're putting me in a difficult position, madam.
and though it seems absurd
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
why are you finding yourself troubles?
now are you trying to tell me that this knife really fell through a hole in the boy's pocket someone picked it up off the street, went to the boy's house and stabbed his father with it just to test its sharpness?
what a pity it's dark out, huh?
you sick?
you won't have any trouble finding one at that price.
you want to see this boy die because you personally want it, not because of the facts.
but you'll get into trouble if you marry me.
you need to confess.
and with this fiend running loose,
your case haven't been solved but no one plans to investigate because your killer is the detective!
[gasps] oh, please, miss blair, really!
you need rest badly.
you want to help me or you want to destroy me.
your shame is their dishonor.
but satan, your crony ensures you won't be lonely
and lost too.
but the relations between austria and italy are at the moment so bad that one must make every sacrifice to better them.
your brother's losing too much blood.
and, so, to cut a long story short, i resigned then and there.
 really?
so why did you come here, mister?
what i really mean is do i mean everything to you as you do to me?
you do not fool me with your blank looks.
you seem to know a lot about my activities, or lack of them, young lady.
and what the latest doctor said about her leg.
so what?
but i'll live to kill him for that.
and if they try to, they'll find you dead.
what you're asking me to do is break the law of man and god.
you should just get lost.
you said surrender.
you know i'm stuck on her.
and how's your father these days?
so what do i care?
you cannot allow such vile insinuations against your character to go undenied.
but who are you?
and you tell him the driver was killed, huh?
you need a lukewarm bath and your calcium injection.
you're drunk, ringo.
you've no grounds for suspicion.
you don't scare me!
so then he said if his parents rejected our union, we'd die together.
and so became unintentionally cruel.
and neither was the mistress.
and he's not to leave the car until you've dumped him here at hq, got it?
and what are they called?
you ask yourself what the sum total of your life represents what difference your being there at any time made to anything or if it made any difference at all, really.
but he hasn't said he'd refuse.
but tell me, is the handle slightly chipped on the right side and does a crack run all the way up on the left side?
 really?
you believe in the doctrine of illusion.
what do you see besides a big, dumb guy?
you'll see freaks and curiosities assembled from every part of the globe!
you lost him?
and who was the boche shooting at when they made those holes?
one bad night and you'll be out.
you'll starve to death.
not really.
what a blow they gave me!
your point of view is distorted.
but it is insane to try and escape.
and now to punish it we will cook a soup from it.
you really are a cockroach, aren't you?
really ill.
what the hell is in those shelves?
but why, comandante?
 really.
you're fired, you shameless hussy!
but even your own people, do they really believe you could tag along behind six hurricanes and not be noticed?
and bang  someone's lying in the gutter.
and i am worthless there's no denying it.
and there were so many others lying dead anyway.
and there's a dignity in that, no matter how he died.
how d'you do, miss ogi?
how could i have been so wrong?
you want me to say it stinks?
you mean you really want that thieving', old yeller dog?
you would die.
really, you girls kill me.
but now my heart feels really light.
what if a cylinder cracks, a valve stuck, a bearing burned out?
you know you can't interrupt emmarac in the middle of a sequence.
and if i know moscow, they'll really make use of that.
is it really true?
 really?
what's wrong?
you stick with me, you'll learn nothing but bad habits.
you want to get me drunk?
surely they won't execute a man in that condition.
but don't get the idea that it was all white man's wickedness.
anyone who's ever used a switch knife wouldn't handle it any other way.
you stick to riding that leaky motorcycle.
or they went wild.
and dr. sharman, the chief scientist, also became fatally ill.
you can go blind, you know.
you're nothing but a rotten miser.
and that candle's burning lower and lower.
"your life, o fool"
what do i have to die for?
then there's the global conflict between the fighting navy and the paper navy.
and what happened to them?
what's wrong with you?
you were drunk, so
but no sign of who did it, and no sign of a struggle or anything like that.
in fact, there's nothing to laugh at.
and today the whole world will blow up  why?
but, well, one of the men took sick very suddenly this morning, sir.
you are worried.
you're missing the point entirely.
you don't scare me!
look what's lying on the seat.
look how dark it's getting out there.
not really.
how does it feel with the light on your face, not seeing anything but the light and the darkness beyond you, knowing i'm here but you can't see me, knowing i'm looking at you all the time,
that's really silly.
and today at supper, arer eating fried eggs with bacon, he renounced his family name ofalonso quixano and called himself don quixote of la mancha.
what kind of trouble?
you can go now, evelyn, miss brown will take care of me.
what's wrong with admitting it?
it's on the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
that really is deep.
you were angry here.
you're not to worry about that one bit.
one who'll send her off begging.
you'll have to excuse him.
what do you see besides a big, dumb guy?
what's the point?
 really, dear.
and a lot of people have died in this world needlessly waiting for them.
you were getting over your broken heart.
then who is the old woman?
what's strange in it?
but the fall is even more lovely.
and he refused outright?
it really talks.
you're dead already.
you wanted me to die?
and start thinking of a way to explain this thing without throwing the nation into a complete panic.
is it really true?
but i never knew i could miss anything so much.
no, very unhappy actually.
how scary.
you really love me?
 what kind of a trick is that?
the point is this:
why do you say "alleged murderer"?
really calm, no pain?
you're really leaving mum?
you're wasting your time.
if you're really afraid of dying, you'd be living in a funk all the rest of your life because you know you've got to go someday, any day.
but it hurts so.
so her mother, who doesn't know why she sings, doesn't get upset.
what you're looking at, major, really is three cities all run together.
so what?
and, oddly enough, he's japanese.
but such a thing is inconceivable because we're given such a long time to make up our minds and our hearts.
"and as it were a great mountain burning with fire"
and what vices may a woman have?
how do you do, miss hathaway?
you may have overlooked that the use of officers for manual labor is expressly forbidden by the geneva convention.
but under protest.
but the 3rd platoon has bigger troubles.
then there's demoralization and chaos.
you're crazy?
no flags and no showing guns but they are coming slowly.
and when my husband died, i came back here and i've had no time for anything but allison and the dress shop.
but, honey, i'm just dead.
you mean tommy wasn't killed he was murdered?
how about if we ask this question for a penalty?
you weren't scared, were you.
you're a stubborn gal.
you're not going to quibble over 30 francs.
who could have written such nonsense?
how shall i give the emperor these dreadful news?
so what?
and evald is growing just as lonely, cold and dead.
you've got to expect rough treatment.
you need it badly.
but if he knew the knife could be identified, why did he leave it there in the first place?
you'll notice the shell is beginning to harden.
in fact, congress is sitting on it.
you on the loose?
then she come along, started seeing 'im on the sly.
then we'll run in, lay one pattern of charges, drop back, wait for one hour, and attack again.
you lied to me about the theatre.
and after all i've sacrificed and done for her, not a word of appreciation.
look how cunning he was to lure charlie to his booth.
but your poor uncle will have to go to the jail.
then when he's lying in his bed, he heard the body hit the floor in the boy's apartment, heard the woman scream from across the street, got to his front door as fast as he could,
but why does she spout such lies like that?
what i hate most a daddy's boy.
then why didn't you stop ringo and clanton?
 what actually happened is this.
you're drunk, ringo.
this is really something.
and how you were.
you mean the slave trade?
you and me are gonna settle for this scar you gave me in wichita.
you've got yourself in a worse one.
but so far she refuses to testify.
your concern over my health touches me deeply.
really terrible.
why worry?
but who are you?
you know it and i know it.
 what's wrong with your hands?
what has this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
but i don't bother with the others.
and i make it honestly, with the sweat of my brow.
you know, you've got a nasty habit.
you denied him, too!
is it really true?
why are you lying?
"you mustn't beg my forgiveness.
what's wrong with you?
what about that business with the knife?
you've made me twist a heel.
the worst that i can find out is that this fellow really owns the land.
your husband will have to stand trial, i'm afraid.
 really?
but this is an absurd story!
then i paint something funny.
then you'd really get laughs.
you fool!
and all the omens certainly are terrible.
you go to hell!
you smoke?
to the point of full abandon?
you're a coward.
and who will pack your tails?
you trying to insinuate something?
you may not feel any pain
who's drunk?
you go with the lower forms and you are down in the slime.
you are trying to slander carolina!
and all dead.
so you play chess with death?
and, lon, don't worry.
you killed lejeune.
you're really moving.
so, it is his word, the word of a german officer and fellow prisoner, against yours, an enemy interrogator.
but you're not so bad, snapper.
look here, inspector, i don't know the meaning of this but obviously the man's lying.
and i smoke a pipe.
 what rent, you fool!
actually, i don't want myself to nag in front of her!
but it hurts so.
they don't know what the truth is!
you're not so bad yourself.
and what of those who neither will nor can believe?
but how do they make that kind of money?
how are you feeling, miss mckay?
you have been accused of guilt.
 how bad is that?
you scarcely knew him.
 no, but i believe it, because she's a fateful woman, driven by jealousy.
you'd drive away the devil himself.
that is the truth.
books opened up the truth to me.
how do you do, miss brown?
but i'm not antagonistic to him.
what have they got you but a life full of misery and a woman who walked out on you and the friendship of a killer?
what troubles you?
you look angry.
what we're going to do is to fight a delaying action.
you smell!
but there's a sick man here.
you're so weak.
you're making a mistake!
not that there was anything really wrong.
you showered to wash off vomit and sweat, and the police came?
you're just tired.
how about the stuffy one?
you're not just tired.
"and there fell a great star from heaven
so what's all this south america talk about?
but why?
you can't go any distance in a buggy or a hack?
♪you are a beggar.♪
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
then why do you say it's a great mistake to exchange him?
you know something, you really are a kid.
you demean me.
but what?
but at the first sound of a rattle, get out of there, eh?
wherever you run into it, prejudice always obscures the truth.
what do you want me to do, go out and beat those kids silly?
what he's done to me, that's my own fault.
and the twins say that you're mad about girls.
but they have to study hard!
what's wrong?
and what's so amusing?
who says he's dead?
but we have to hurry, otherwise we'll miss the boat.
but why?
it's just that mclane didn't really mean to imply
you tried to kill yourself?
that is the truth, before god?
what's that nonsense about pneumonia?
you keep walking on that foot, you'll bleed to death.
and many will die, and he will be responsible.
¶ your sunny, funny face
and that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
so what?
you can curse me or yell at me if you want to.
but let's just not spoil the whole fiesta, shall we?
actually it had someone else's name on it.
what's wrong?
you're not usually so slow in the uptake.
 what's wrong?
it's really unforgivable!
how unfortunate.
you need to confess.
so what?
what do you mean, bunk?
you aren't suffering, are you?
you really are.
but we have to hurry, otherwise we'll miss the boat.
and who's nanetta?
what kind of a joke is that?
you look tired.
how many crooks have you known?
but it's not bad at all.
why are you afraid of her?
you're drunk.
you can't risk any noise.
you see the day they had trouble to identify a man in the, fire but a woman
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
you mean a candy store you stuck up, don't you?
you don't need to worry, miss street.
you're hurting my ears.
so, after the unification, they will face bad luck!
but he is hardheaded and disloyal.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
who taught all these bad ideas?
why, there's a scorpion trapped in there.
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
so what?
and what did you do after you read the note?
and many will die, and he will be responsible.
but what do you say?
nobody really can.
it's completely waterproof and actually plastic.
how boring.
but how do you know he has?
you cannot allow such vile insinuations against your character to go undenied.
maybe she honestly thought she saw the boy kill his father.
you've made a bad woman of me.
but why?
you will see, once you have knowledge of the vedanta, your insanity will disappear
volka is telling the truth.
you dirty vitellone!
you killed emily french!
your back hurts, and i'm 50 years old.
what did you expect me to do, let the packages fall all over the floor?
why are you mad?
you kill my wife and my people.
how many men do you have, stark?
you are also accused of some minor but still serious offenses.
but what's the point?
you're not hurt?
and today at supper, after eating fried eggs with bacon, he renounced his family name of alonso quixano and called himself don quixote of la mancha.
you have tricked me!
but i've never lost that much weight.
but when will these crazy americans grow up?
you're hereby remanded to the custody of the sheriff and you'll be transported to the state penitentiary to serve a term of not less than one, nor more than ten years of imprisonment.
and miss joanna harrington.
but if you want to be an aviator, you don't have to be scared.
so you freely admit, private ferol, that you retreated.
you killed felix's wife.
so then he said if his parents rejected our union, we'd die together.
if you were really crazy, it'd be different, but not this multiplied thing.
what were you doing with poor mrs wilkins?
you'd be disappointed.
"your life, o fool
you gonna try and make a break for it?
but to get peace of mind is difficult.
but how?
and you're the horridest, nastiest, silliest, stupidest
and what is your job now in the joint?
how old are you really, uncle isak?
you see, uh, gemini is at war with sagittarius, and this means that all signs are hostile at the present and continued alertness should be the order of the day.
then, if i find it inadmissible, i'll order it stricken.
so they do not kill me.
and gives off a funny noise like like that !
so don't urge the truth on me.
not theirs, surely.
but now, stretching endlessly before me, i found a deep abyss.
then there were some who just got tired of living.
but he doesn't really care about anything because he's so cold.
what's so goddamn funny?
why disturb my heart?
you can't study the layout of the bridge after dark.
what if we did find he really had a translation of that book.
listen, when these fellas don't ask questions it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
but i had the most terrible dream.
how terrible.
but why?
you'd lose anyway.
then why do you do it?
and what was the answer?
you and tano are the guilty ones!
but people with rash ideas must be put away for their own good.
you look awful.
what an idiot
but i haven't been much of a provider, i'm afraid.
you've made a bad woman of me.
you can't fool me.
you look anxious.
and i submit that that attack was a stain on the flag of france,
and what d'you want me to do?
there is only one question, actually.
and a lot of people have died in this world needlessly waiting for them.
you know that alder killing was a stupid, botchedup job.
how wrong could a guy get?
or his men breaking my bones!
and if she is no more, everything will be meaningless.
actually, it wasn't a joke, really.
she just happened to be speaking the truth.
 what a pity.
you want to see this boy die because you want it, not because of the facts.
what a beastly trick.
you look ridiculous!
but how did you do?
you see, she's dead.
is it really true?
but who else will?
you might run into trouble.
 what's wrong with the cattle, pio?
your eyes will water and your tongue will burn
and after all the pains we took deceiving everybody.
you rascal!
and as an infielder you wouldn't be expected to hit so hard.
you hit hard.
or did somebody bump you on the head one time and you haven't gotten over it?
what's wrong?
you don't believe there's a chance of the captain getting sick?
 really?
so why doesn't she say hello?
it's really stormy out there.
then there's no objection to the police knowing.
this is the truth.
why do you bother me?
you still crazy about those old show tunes?
you're wasting your time.
"do hypnotized people always tell the truth?"
you scut, you let her die and i'll buckbatter you.
really, miss granberg?
you must be mistaken.
why, the man's mad.
you'll see freaks and curiosities assembled from every part of the globe!
believe me, he's really going to do it.
and they tell me her husband is kind of jealous, too.
you're not worried, are you?
that's the truth.
you see, i really can't tell whether i love you or hate you.
you shoot gun, make the big noise.
¶ your sunny, funny face
and when i did, it came back "addressee unknown."
you funny man, shears.
or am i going mad?
you look exhausted, too.
you think he could have made the kind of wound that killed his father?
you deaf?
and everyone died.
and that makes me so lonely.
but i've got my problem, and it's the only way i know how to handle it.
now what do you figure you're gonna die for?
what a pity!
and what did he say?
your voice cracked.
how are you feeling, miss mckay?
you shouldn't worry, rosetta.
you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
yes, really.
nothing, really.
then teach me all those sciences, o young blockhead!
so naturally i became interested in the intellectual type who uses that crazy soap.
but i haven't been much of a provider, i'm afraid.
so fill these lonely arms of mine
how can the poor thing help crying when our life has taken such a sad turn?
and if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot on the spot.
you know you can't interrupt emmarac in the middle of a sequence.
but this court martial is such a stain, and such a disgrace.
then we need to delay the sub departure.
but don't worry.
your son has made a full confession.
you are reflected in your own indifference.
why's she lying that way?
 damon, let's get to the point.
you let him die!
but the priest says it is better to die clean than to live for hell.
your shame is their dishonour.
and there was a period of three months when nobody died.
but there's not a man in this department that don't want to help bring in the priest's killer.
so i pulled back on my duds and i went out to take a looksee what all the commotion was.
and hadn't she called the police on two occasions when you beat her for refusing?
you think of him as an enemy.
and what are they?
yeah, what's wrong, officer?
you are about the world's greatest naturalborn liar i ever met so why don't you try it?
 really?
it not only easycleans those dirty, filthy clothes but it's so gentle on each garment.
and somehow we lost contact.
– and that's death there?
and what if the guards do not stay where they usually stay?
you look at him and feel jealous!
you have the wrong number.
you have heard of the mysterious outlaw, zorro?
see who's sick.
 what's wrong with that?
you can't dance with them, so don't come complaining to me again.
 every single thing that took place in that courtroom  but i mean everything  says he's guilty.
you were so drunk.
what else is wrong with me?
but who else will?
and signor martinelli is a very sick man.
you're drunk.
 really?
what's so funny?
why don't you kill me?
your line of defence, however, will be lack of motive.
what a shame!
and what happens?
 it's a pity, really, because
and fried liver for one
you would die.
you'll never get captain's bars looking for a scrap.
you sick or something?
you lied, did you not?
and since we knew they are not many, and dont want to kill them all, we will not even enter the town.
but this court martial is such a stain and such a disgrace.
so, miss jeffries, the jail of tomahawk county is at your disposal.
but i heard alex scream.
you are uneasy.
not really.
then he should only have been burned.
you're on the show now and it's nothing to worry about.
froy and lord sorrington can't both be telling the truth.
you what?
you mean insane?
you know, the fellow who fell into the pit.
you're crazy?
you are unworthy of command!
well, the truth is, they, they never knew what real loneliness was before they came here.
you yankee gangster.
you're burning my nose.
and how you were.
and what about the airfield control tower?
call it a bible, but it's really a death warrant with decimal points.
anyone who's ever used a switch knife wouldn't handle it any other way.
you look very tired.
 what did the prisoner say?
you don't suppose he'd be taking the stiff with him for company?
and if you ain't satisfied, or if i get homesick for arkansas why, back i come, and nobody gets hurt.
you what?
you really don't drink?
why there's them would see me hang if i was to ride there again.
you're going to make a mistake.
you don't hate nature.
but it's difficult.
then why don't you stay and have her over?
and i was worried about a couple of hundred for that silly eggbeater.
but that's impossible.
and what is your name?
and in arranging the marriage, you lied to the authorities?
and are you aware, mrs helm, that the penalty in this country for perjury is a heavy term of imprisonment?
you nasty boy, you.
you know it and i know it.
but what he forgot to say was there'd be a great big old red eye looking straight at me.
and the atmosphere quite stuffy.
why do i have to die?
what do you mean, trouble?
you know the real reason why he tried to kill you.
you're being duped, forced to kill your brothers.
you think he could have made the wound that killed his father?
and who will pack your tails?
and why did he impose such an unjust tax?
but what a difference!
you had company so i waited.
and the killer, cho has gone under.
and i've been stupid twice without realizing it!
you're wrong, connors.
 really?
but who was sam lynk talking to when she walked in?
how old are you really, uncle isak?
you know, he really would have made a good third gun.
why bring your troubles here?
you look anxious.
she was the one who actually saw the killing.
what a disaster!
but his reputation as a crook was ruined, and he faded into obscurity.
what can be the cause of miki's delay?
 the truth!
oh, really?
and i know who"s guilty.
and when they dump her, she's liable to be very cold.
what else is wrong with me?
but why me?
you're making him very unhappy.
so you play chess with death?
so what are you gonna do?
you realise, of course, there's an army policy to discourage all such marriages.
you drink and sneer and hurt!
why should he lie?
what is there to steal?
you can't blame me for having married or whatever.
and i peeled them too.
but that question is absurd.
you're not concerned with them.
what's wrong with haskins?
 what the devil has got into all of them suddenly leaving for bucharest?
you're a fool to wring your own neck by swearing to the truth.
but also by wasting valuable property which belongs to the people's republic.
you would die !
what happened to the knife?
then what?
your voice cracked.
but if he knew the knife could be identified, why did he leave it there in the first place?
what's wrong?
you're drunk.
you can't kill them, son.
you keep strangling your gut, you'll get indigestion, then you'll get appendicitis, just when you're out in the backwoods somewhere and no doctor near, so they have to fly in a doctor from the nearest town.
you can't refute facts.
money isn't the point anymore.
and how did he do that?
you tell me in funereal tones that you must talk to me, and then you find it hard to begin.
you sick?
you're wasting your time.
do you all think that's really funny?
 what's so funny?
if you give him dinner, i'll be really angry with you!
the few men that really understood it learned many strange and terrifying secrets.
 it doesn't mean we'd really kill anybody.
you don't surrender to me, you surrender to the guard.
squarcio is there really no other way to get all this?
you cannot allow such vile insinuations against your character to go undenied.
you really shouldn't be embarrassed.
but you too, if you want to eat, you need a dead wolf.
or hang a friend?
but i really think i should insist.
but i'm afraid i didn't see anything unusual.
you'll bust your pockets.
 why, it's really quite simple.
but this nonsense
and he only wants to kiss in the dark, and he talks about sin.
hanaogi really gone, major.
then why didn't you do it?
but what?
you know you have no cousin horace who was killed in the war.
you killed him?
this life disgusts me to the point of vomiting.
you persist in the same atitude, locked in your obstinacy, hard as a rock, and saying to yourself:
how that stumblebum fell for it!
who's crazy?
you must need money bad to do this.
you can turn these two loose
tell me, supposing your comrades were to hear the truth about this notable exploit of yours?
your wife is sick.
what's wrong, mama?
you're catching a cold.
you never sick.
your line of defence, however, will be lack of motive.
you old rascal.
you act as if you wanna get killed.
and what about cohn?
you actually believe this nonsense.
you know sometimes think of the man of the people is afraid of the people
you're a fool to wring your own neck by swearing to the truth.
really, you girls kill me.
but what if she should die?
but i ain't complaining', though.
you carry nonsense.
and if we die, we die without god.
why do i have to die, father?
and mitsuko has been hurt?
why should they worry, sitting on the ground?
what's wrong, doctor?
 really?
so he spends his nights writing a book a great book to guide the lost in the wilderness
how can we greet this attack?
and he slowly drove around the block three times.
you're more éike hard coaé.
you see, i'm a sissy, and a coward.
you should drop dead!
you've scared your mummy to death.
and let's be thinking of new ways to jam things up.
you got in some kind of trouble now you're going to make it worse.
you're confused.
she was, actually.
you see, you can lock it from inside, and then, say, for instance, you had to leave your prisoner alone for a while,
 no, not really.
you're scared yourself!
yes, it hurt because you can't bear the truth.
and they don't need any real big reason to kill someone, either.
now you're really groping in the dark.
so dancing is a waste of time?
then life is a preposterous horror.
now, my question is, if he really had killed his father why would he come back home three hours later?
you're involved in a murder case and 4 commercial swindling cases
you know that a second disturbance would cause a cavein that would crush anybody down in the pit.
you're crazy!
it's really unforgivable!
you don't lose your own feelings by building a fire.
they don't know what the truth is!
what i really mean is do i mean everything to you as you do to me?
you're kind of slow grabbing him.
and she kept on begging him to take me put he wouldn't
you may have overlooked the fact that the use of officers for labour is expressly forbidden by the geneva convention.
so candid, he's already told me we'll have to sue him for our fees.
but you were seen, miss howard.
and when you went down to the valleys the germans had more problems.
so if you wanna be stubborn and hang this jury, go ahead.
but how did you ?
you've made a bad woman of me.
who the devil was that?
you also have to consider other things, franz, even though it appears heartless to talk about it.
just a simple sailor, in fact.
so it's those kind of people who played the role of those saved by the man with the sack.
honestly, the morbidity of people.
and they killed the driver too.
and now we've got two sets of killing and no reason at all.
 why not frighten them a bit?
but somebody had to walk through the nettle patch.
you made me drink a litre of filthy water!
then what do you want?
what is wrong?
and you killed her!
but in fact it'll attract anybody with a nose.
what the hell!
marcia, i lost them but all i've got to do is talk to them one more time.
you're dead if you don't.
but you had the wrong woman.
and they ev en threaten a transfer.
but you can't go on tormenting yourself for your mistakes.
and what about hearing' the kid yell?
but how do you tell a man his son was killed?
and i cry again
 what's wrong with that?
you don't because you're the sedentary type.
and who else?
you're making me dizzy.
every last thing really happened.
to what depths she can sink!
and c2 scatters or reflects sunlight right slap bang in the middle of the eye's response when it's dark adapted, so that's why it's looking green.
 really?
you're hungry and tired.
 what an idiot!
and what have we been pouring our blood into?
what's wrong?
so you, don driedup fish, really believed that i died because ofyou?
you know, this is odd.
you don't desert a family first?
what if i died?
you're crazy.
 what's the danger of a cesarean?
but really, was there any choice?
but it just seems a little inconsistent.
why don't you put them to death?
but how'd you get the idea the idea of doing this job?
 just threaten him and he'll talk.
and don't make me lose my temper
but you're ugly!
you just want to see me in those nasty shorts.
you even lied about that.
those who try to get me, hit a snag.
you know she feels lonely after losing her son last year.
you're all upset, carl.
you shouldn't fool somebody this way!
not really.
but it is insane to try and escape.
and if our éittée friend, she eat too much beéieve me, she get very, very sick.
why was i a dope to see charlie on a friday night?
so if some of them didn't leave the trenches, it must have been because it was impossible.
so what do i care?
but i shall say plenty to myself about selfish, crabby old men
gamble honestly!
and what's the matter with the light?
it's the truth.
how does a strange child get in here?
and were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
what has all this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
"your life, o fool
you lost him?
and who's gonna feed you now?
but surely he wouldn't blow himself up, just
"you ain't killing a kid.
you said something about the crab being afraid of electricity, doctor.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
 how'd you lose lejeune?
and bang  someone's lying in the gutter.
and make them understand that if they harm him, they collect nothing.
what do i need that kind of trouble for?
so it's those kind of people who played the role of those saved by the man with the sack.
you mean there's nothing really wrong?
why, he's lying, he's distorting everything.
those who do wrong always have troubled pasts.
you don't have to say a lot of nonsense.
you say that but it's you who has a puppet and that thing!
then they were dragging him towards the hotel.
you must understand that this rut was dug by the claws of a magician named friston.
what are you wasting everybody's time for?
you look bad, jacek.
but there's a plague of hydrophobia in these parts.
you're losing it.
you are hurting me.
you stood the most difficult trial.
what's wrong?
really sell that stiff as a man among men?
"what nonsense are you talking, fool?"
what's wrong?
but that is absurd, impossible even.
you missed a swell party.
you ain't gonna hate me.
you ain't gonna lose with her.
you're not bad, deep down.
no, but i am not mistaken.
what's wrong?
what about the switch knife they found in the old man's chest?
you are all condemned.
you're dead wrong, mr. barnes.
you couldn't be more wrong.
and i am worthless there's no denying it.
but very difficult to follow.
and you have been living as the wife of the prisoner, leonard vole?
and neither was the mistress.
 why are you grumpy?
who gathered the wild strawberries for me?
and you smoke.
then why are you always talking to me?
you'll die with your family!
and now the air is shattered by the force of casey's blow.
but how'd you get the idea the idea of doing this job?
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
but you don't really deserve it.
so what?
and it would have been my fault!
and you brothers gonna stick in job and your job is to knock the stomach out of this war
so what?
why does he have to go to paris of all places, that sink of iniquity?
she actually saw the killing.
you idiot!
you've lost your poker face.
supposing he really did hear it?
but what did she do with the perfume?
what are you afraid of?
why do you keep me in this prison?
then what were you doing at little bohemia?
there never really was a snuffy, was there?
actually, col.
and what about cohn?
what kind of illness did she have?
why not put them to death?
what a disaster!
but lying there.
you must need money bad to do this.
he really ought to be married, but he's so fussy.
see how funny i am?
your mother's insurance expired this month.
 it's nothing, really.
you wouldn't wear it if you just broke up for nothing.
how d'you do, miss ogi?
and the grim master leads with scythe and hourglass.
what's wrong, boris?
you're hard on yourself.
you're gonna break into where?
you should have kept it on the desert.
 why lie?
you keep walking on that foot, you'll bleed to death.
you do realize that this is coldblooded murder?
then why spout 'em?
you're being slightly hysterical.
you just want me to give in to karswell's carefully calculated threats.
then what do you want?
why not put them to death?
but you had nothing to do with all that filth and corruption and killing.
what a strange wilderness.
actually want to live.
that isn't really a christmas present.
you heard mrs french and the prisoner discussing her new will?
you funny man, shears.
then what do you want?
you're too pragmatic, miss.
but why?
you might have taken cold.
then he'll crash on the takeoff.
why is it dead?
maybe she honestly thought she saw the boy kill his father.
and who's gonna' search your homes?
you accuse me of doubting too deeply.
you tried everything but begging.
and after all the pains we took deceiving everybody.
you also know who the fat guy was, don't you, danny?
why do you bother.
get to the point.
what's the trouble?
you had him kept there till the case died out of the papers.
you've made a complete fool of me, hogan.
 how'd you lose lejeune?
so what's the mystery?
direct and to the point.
but why go into details about something fit to ornament a drawing room?
 what an unusually large car!
what a waste!
why do you say "alleged murderer"?
you think he's lying?
why are you so alarmed?
and when i awoke i found myself weak and shaken.
you don't know miss plimsoll.
you put yourself on sick call immediately.
how can we greet this attack?
how are you going to live if she dies?
and why do we always keep the windows closed?
you know that a second disturbance would cause a cavein that would crush anybody down in the pit.
you won't be disappointed, yardmaster!
you really want to go?
there's an enemy post three miles away so we'll have to sleep in the jungle.
really, you girls kill me.
what's the trouble, cleva?
how a man who's been told he'll die in three days can consider sleeping is all the proof i need of the supernatural.
they got one in where it would do the most damage and we're going to lose the ship.
you should not feel guilty.
 really, father?
you're a hard man to keep up with.
you and i saw m47 swerve in its path, take a course impossible to explain by natural physical laws
what i don't understand, sir, is why the crash hasn't been reported.
why is he, despite all, a mocking reality i can't be rid of?
you ugly scoundrel.
you pull that trigger, and you'll hang for murder.
you killed whom?
your brother too i didn't know he was dead
and they tell me her husband is kind of jealous, too.
so what they don't give me, i take.
and what about hearing the kid yell, huh?
you're an idiot to be afraid of those people up there.
you wouldn't get any alimony, i'm afraid.
but why go through fire?
you look a terrible sight.
he wouldn't really lie.
what a pity!
how do you prove it untrue to the friends of lieutenant von werrer?
but what are you gonna do, john?
you've let your anger blind you.
and there were so many others lying dead anyway.
so he's dead.
you're drunk.
but the man's afraid.
and i'll smash him.
and i must follow where the truth leads me.
and we'll split it straight up.
you made a fool of yourself, of me.
in fact he's already back!
you know, boys what really bugs me about our limey cousins is the way they keep on trying to act like a firstclass outfit when their store is having to close branches all over the world.
but what happened to their bodies, karl?
anyone who's ever used a switch knife wouldn't handle it any other way.
you've scandalized this child.
you can't fool me.
what's the trouble?
you will die as i said at 1 0:00 on the 28th of this month.
and at a time when your father really needs you.
but even without actually going, you could write him a letter.
how dare you try to mix me up with your blather!
but what are you wasting our time for?
but i was a little too lonely.
you saw him fall?
and now miss linda bruce from ganderstown.
and now you've changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking here?
you're in for a bad time.
what a strange light.
and in his heart, the murderer wants to be found out by the detective.
and we will lose that evil spirit called voodoo
but why, mr. allison?
but who is he?
but the steamers stopping here make the people unsettled.
then why did you change your course?
you tricked me and cheated me.
but for such nonsense, you woke me up?
and when they fall, his spirit will be released.
you were drunk and staggering at the subway station.
who's a tramp?
surely they won't execute a man in that condition.
wherever you run into it, prejudice always obscures the truth.
and then we drank and everybody got drunk.
but if anyone votes not guilty, we stay here and talk it out.
you might get hurt.
and it's a nightmare no one would give me his address?
you what?
but what are you talking about?
and don't dare to show your dirty feet, you louts!
what's wrong with you?
and if our little friend, she eat too much believe me, she get very, very sick.
what a shame.
why do you always come to me at the wrong time?
you lost your head.
you could fall in, it's deep here.
but this courtmartial is such a stain and such a disgrace.
you've lost your fingers.
and when you said that he had accidentally cut his wrist, again, you lied?
you bother me.
you are mad.
you'll have him sick in a minute, that color green.
you will be sent to hell.
you want me to say it stinks?
but logic the reality of the seeable and the touchable that's what convinces me finally.
or lack of ability.
and if she is no more, everything will be meaningless.
but my wife has been dead for years!
one, the evidence given by the woman across the street who actually saw the murder committed.
you dirty vitellone!
you might have trouble persuading that man.
but i ain't forgetting' about the whipping' you tried to buy me out of.
but when she saw this kid killing his father, she was in the house alone.
but labor problems have got to end up in one way.
your words betray you.
and what about hearing' the kid yell?
and what about the airfield control tower?
honestly, you won't regret it.
and how wonderful to see them grow, move from one class to another, and when they are able to cope with life, say goodbye.
your heroics make me sick.
your rationalism is as dry as dust.
what the hell!
what do you hear in that bird's cry?
you're making me dizzy.
and shouting: "the slightest resistance and we'll shoot.
why couldn't she die in front of that monastery?
you look bad, jacek.
 supposing he really did hear it.
what ugly beasts!
you lost it.
and now, crash.
and when i die i will have no life hereafter except to live forever in eternity by the cursed hyena, cowardly eater of the dead.
you've got to hang, brockie.
you're more éike hard coaé.
actually, they're not ferocious unless they're provoked.
and the worst 
you look so solemn.
all those songs i sang about loneliness, they were the truth.
why would a zombie use the telephone?
but the fools in washington say the scrap business is essential.
or did somebody bump you on the head one time and you haven't gotten over it?
so cold
you are a rogue.
how can i get drunk with two bottle of beer?
and now the air is shattered by the force of casey's blow.
then what?
you're the stupid one.
what i really mean is do i mean everything to you as you do to me?
you get those in every murder trial.
not really.
then i paint something funny.
and i only wish to not carry this guilt.
why do i have to die, father?
and in this, i've failed, as i have failed in other things.
and norma, see if you can get through the day without breaking a dish.
you'll lose your leader.
you want to create one more problem for me!
and after all the pains we took deceiving everybody.
and i came here to tell you the truth.
in the air, there's a chill, there's a chill 33 00:02:35,280  00:02:36,410 so cold
you'll get an ugly scratch if you do.
really drew a crowd.
why burn her at night when people need diversion?
but why?
you fool!
but let's first split into two groups.
and yet he comes here and he complains he's not satisfied.
you're under arrest for the murder of park.
then why spout 'em?
but saito's cut their food rations and if he makes the sick men work
and if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot on the spot.
what if you tell the truth?
and what did you write?
why did you have to kill him?
but what did i do?
 beg to report, sir, i really don't know.
and i cleaned out the register and i took 12 lousy bucks.
but don't overdo it.
you really want them to build the bridge?
and how about these girls?
it's over now and i'm a little tired.
how long will we keep our eyes turned from the truth?
but just before skyler fell to his death
that's the truth.
you don't grow them that can push in the side of a building and wreck a car.
you ask yourself what the sum total of your life represents what difference your being there at any time made to anything or if it made any difference at all, really.
you look scared, mrs. brenner.
"and as it were a great mountain burning with fire
you're tired?
you don't surrender to me, you surrender to the guard.
you are truly a failure!
but i'm a little tired.
then if mr. vole "sableaba" to mrs. french why to kill his source of income?
in fact, i've been worried about it myself.
and anders tried to twist viktor's arm, and viktor said that was a lousy argument for god's existence.
then one of gezo's men took a spear swipe at the young'un.
how much evil can a man hold?
you're going to be dead inside of a year.
but how about now?
you accuse me of doubting too deeply.
what did she die of?
you poor thing.
they got one in where it would do the most damage and we're going to lose the ship.
he just got back from a business trip and he's just exhausted.
you, old scum.
you gave me a rough idea yesterday.
then who would build your bridge?
but he was in a bad mood.
and there's worse to come.
and evald is growing just as lonely, cold and dead.
what nonsense is that you've painted?
oh, really?
but saito's cut their food rations and if he makes the sick men work
and you have been living as the wife of the prisoner, leonard vole?
you evil minded!
you looked death in the face, went to meet it yourself.
why spoil it?
you want to kill me!
you spic bum.
you just want to see me in those nasty shorts.
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
and then because he carries the disease virus in his saliva, he transmits it to them.
you learn to smoke tobacco?
and i was worried about a couple of hundred for that silly eggbeater.
you are all condemned.
she just happened to be speaking the truth.
will he really go to the police?
and if he come, i do not know if it is to speak or to kill.
and if you don't leave her, you're the one committing suicide.
but i don't bother with the others.
so i studied hard.
what's wrong?
let's say some people honestly believe in the supernatural.
you find yourself doing the same things you hated your parents doing.
and he is conscious, mrs. helm, of which the pain by perjury in this country it is one long sentence of jail?
but don't worry, you're not going to see it.
and when we have unfortunate accidents in our jail, they can be most unfortunate.
but suddenly i knew they were really the two ends of the same concept.
funny how you get those delayed reflexes, huh?
really it is.
you are funny.
this guy here is really somethin'.
but he doesn't really care about anything because he's so cold.
but we must keep the devil away.
how blue and lonely i'd be
you have a bigger knife up there.
you have hurt humans too many times!
after the tourist season it's really dull.
you sure, no fever?
look how dark it's getting out there.
 really?
what the devil's he got to be scared about?
and he was rough.
what's wrong with mama?
but what if some of the other professors have to use it with arithmetic and stuff?
 it's really very funny.
you don't know miss plimsoll.
why didn't you kill him?
 what's wrong?
so, they give me 10 lousy years.
but lonesome rhodes could be made into an influence, a wielder of opinion.
it's a very unusual case one of the rarest, in fact, in the history of psychiatry.
but grandmother isn't going because she's tired.
and there she was, dead.
but i can honestly say that absence did not make the heart grow fonder.
so cruel.
but what can i do?
you go on relentlessly trying to get the answer to whatever it is you're trying to get the answer to.
what are you trying to do, ruin me?
and assault.
what's the point of having witnesses at all?
but how do you tell a man his son was killed?
you really did want to save those men and you were not angling for mireau's command.
then you were playing the fool again.
anyone who's ever used a switch knife wouldn't handle it any other way.
you're not gonna tell me you believe that phony story about losing the knife and that business about being at the movies.
you and me are gonna settle for this scar you gave me in wichita.
you will not kill me, you will not bury me!
but what will hurt me is waiting in that hotel room not knowing whether the carabinieri have caught you and stood you against the wall.
you say you cut yourself with a knife?
you don't make it sound stupid at all.
what you're trying to tell me is your uncle was killed by witchcraft.
you know, come to think of it you're really much too young for me.
you looked death in the face.
you scared me.
you never sick.
you been sick, ma'am.
really, father?
how does a strange child get in here?
and why exactly are we provoking the workers?
listen, wyatt, the only thing i'm really scared of is dying in bed.
and who will pack your tails?
but this nonsense
what's she gonna think when she reads all this nonsense?
you never sick.
you gonna tell him the truth, commander ?
you must need money awful bad to do this.
you're liable to not get there.
supposing he really did hear it?
you're wasting your time, mike.
you can all go to hell.
and not only that, giovanni, your son sleeps with the worst kind.
you cheated!
you would iike to kill the governor, eh, peon?
who worries about my old age?
why must you die?
you know, all i wanted to do was get away from them fields of cotton, but they don't look so bad now.
so this is your gimmick?
you're ashamed of me?
you're supposed to pretend it never happened.
you're a lawyer, you know that's breaking the law.
you're conceited.
and what about comrade novotna?
but was this my only crime?
you said he wanted to kill me.
and what did it get him?
why couldn't she die in front of that monastery?
you've hurt me so!
but it was burning.
but what about my old age?
what went wrong?
what are you trying to distort
if you're lying, he has to shoot you and if you have no money, he has to.
and before that my mom died because the doctor didn't come to see her.
you fooled me once.
but what?
but a tail wind would account for my being early, but how could i
you've drunk much coffee, try my tea now
let's say another 25% in actually taking the anthill.
if you're really afraid of dying, you'd be living in a funk all the rest of your life because you know you've got to go someday, any day.
you going to tell him the truth?
then what did you say to yourself?
what a petty soul!
what's wrong?
but that's all it was: an excuse.
and i kill him over and over and over
so fill these lonely arms of mine
and what about breakfast?
you ask yourself what the sum total of your life represents what difference your being there at any time made to anything or if it made any difference at all, really.
you ought to be ashamed.
and if you get a headache?
but how can anyone believe in god?
it's really true.
you're looking for a sucker, aren't you, mr cartley?
"but a veil of secrecy, whispers and innuendo has been drawn across this problem.
or he may slow down or speed up.
you must be a little tired.
so you're going to join the hell drivers, are you?
but promise not to scream any more!
you jealous?
you all hate me!
you see, i'm a sissy and a coward.
what's all the desperation about?
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr. vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
you keep saying, sir, "the alleged attack."
your father caused my brother's death.
you murderer!
you're making things difficult.
you lost your ship?
what's wrong with him?
 what's so bad about it?
 surely not tonight?
you're a funny man.
you broke with him?
and what of those who neither will nor can believe?
you can't be scared of charlie.
you're being insubordinate.
what do i have to die for, father?
but ben, that scum!
you voted guilty.
you funny man, shears.
your honour, i want to have it definitely established that this is the weapon with which the crime was committed.
then why didn't you do it?
what makes life so difficult?
they really have it made, as long as the price of eggs stays up.
you dirty vitellone!
you don't really need me.
so the absence of fingerprints in a robbery
and you're not a bad snapper, dolly.
and yet they're really feeling a lack of this sense vitality when it comes to their sexuality.
but his attempt to murder three innocent men to protect his own reputation will be prevented by the general staff.
but a fool can have his charms.
you're not allowed to punch the back of head and private part
you want to see this boy die because you personally want it, not because of the facts.
and neither was the mistress.
what the heck, dear, i didn't say he was.
what a mess.
if death is what you really fear, why should you care about what kills you?
some of those parties are actually working against each other.
why doesn't he earn and not burden us?
why should they worry, sitting on the ground?
and that would offend me a lot.
why, it'll be coming in here in contention before long.
but what a property.
and don't pity yourself either.
you had to kill a man because i ran away.
you should see the boil on the neck of the sick.
but one gets suspicious when time is running out.
no, not really.
only a barrister can actually plead a case in court.
what they say, what we say, lies.
what the hell
you've made me twist a heel.
you're probably just losing weight.
 really?
what if i miss?
but how do you tell a man his son was killed?
but why?
what are you worried about?
you're crazy, that's what you are!
 how strange!
how's princeton '28 and old eight for the stump?
but your father died in their prison.
why do they hate us?
but my best is really this eggbeater.
one, the evidence given by the woman across the street who actually saw the murder committed.
not really.
but he has urgent work to do today.
therefore, he's not really born until his second year.
you're gonna miss the train.
you must hate it because it is dirty and degrading.
you're wrong!
get someone over here, someone who can really talk.
what the devil are you doing here?
you ought to be ashamed!
so what are you gonna do?
or this business about the knife.
he wouldn't really lie.
but the liar's spit dries up.
but one day you stand at the edge of life and face darkness.
you need a lukewarm bath and your calcium injection.
what are you tryin' to distort?
not really.
so what?
you seem to know a lot about my activities, or lack of them, young lady.
but how'd you get the idea the idea of doing this job?
but who wins?
you no sick.
you'll never be lonely again.
then we all agree that if we're to avoid disaster we build a new bridge at the site selected by major reeves 400 yards downstream.
what really happened to her?
you're an odd sort, you know?
how silly to write a song for a deaf old man.
why'd you get lost?
they've really clamped down.
what's this bad omen, uncle?
but what would happen to our children?
you still want to beguile me?
how's my little idiot?
what a petty soul!
you ungrateful idiot!
you have all the subtlety of a battering ram.
really drew a crowd.
you devil.
your father is to blame, he was in charge of watering all this.
you showered to wash off vomit and sweat, and the police came?
so long, miss vittles.
you treat her any other way at your own risk.
you need to confess.
and to me he adds up a killer.
you'll hate it.
and it is also said man, using the magic power of the ancient runic symbols can call forth these powers of darkness the demons of hell.
how much have you lost?
but that's tantamount to a confession.
you are lying.
you are going to call on miss barkley in spite of all my warnings.
you don't happen to die unless you're already loaded.
that's not the point.
i never once had any regrets about going to the point.
you can imagine harrington's utter shock at this catastrophe.
so what?
but it's a young lady, madam, a miss english.
but what about all this?
you're making a big mistake, you people.
that is the truth.
you seem to be in bad shape.
you said that you were so exhausted
you take the word of my enemies?
what's wrong?
why do you have to be so stubborn?
how about putting us on sick list?
then you go pick up the bag at lost and found.
you're gonna be dead inside of a year.
so evil minded.
and she really treats him well
then why have you got the safety on?
what's that rubbish there?
but it will be worse.
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
oh, if they ever heard the way that psycho really talks.
you've hurt me so!
and two, the fact that she described the stabbing by saying she saw the boy raise his arm over his head and stab down into the father's chest.
 what trick is that?
so what?
but i'd be lying.
you are also accused of some minor but still serious offenses.
you lying scamp.
you say you're going to buy matches, but it's a lie.
 what do you got, a cold?
then why have you got the safety on?
surely there must be some other way
you funny man, shears.
but he was in a bad mood.
or because it would have meant bullying and badgering a helpless old man.
let's say another 25% in actually taking the ant hill.
you know, you've got a nasty habit.
yeah, but how?
and what's more, it's an incontestable fact.
then what did you do?
i don't know no more what's right and what's wrong.
meet me halfway and you'll never be unemployed as long as men and women don't go back to wearing fig leaves.
you are just as much involved in this as i am and now, i am very tired
but why, i ask, did the writer stop
you are mistaken.
you nervous or something?
you were angry here.
who was also charged with a theft of jewellery from miss chaney.
so the revolt has a leader.
 what do you got, a cold?
really, dear!
you know how i hate being alone, especially when the car's being tested.
you meet up, you break up and then you start over.
but what about my old age?
the truth is my daughter did bring her troubles home.
it really is.
why are you so scared, krishna?
supposing you talk us all out of this, and, the kid really did knife his father.
why was i a dope to see charlie on a friday night?
and you're telling me a lie!
you ask yourself what the sum total of your life represents what difference your being there at any time made to anything or if it made any difference at all, really.
but the liar's spit dries up.
who could have been so rough and mindless to let this thing fail?
well, she wouldn't actually forbid it.
you been sick, ma'am, awful sick.
how about if we ask this question for a penalty?
why does he go on living in a painful, humiliating way?
what is so urgent?
 what's wrong with that?
how strange!
what a brute!
and the strict master death bids them dance.
why are you using the past tense?
*and all is over you are sure
and forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors
you're killing your mother.
you jerk.
what you're looking at, major, really is three cities all run together.
you don't have to be afraid any longer.
and that was some time ago my mother, the poor thing, there was no consoling her.
really ?
 what's wrong with you?
but why?
you are afraid to face your god.
# that's the truth about mother goose
you'd drive away the devil himself.
surely he knows.
and what's more comfort is knowing he won't suffer anymore from pains in his joints.
your colonel is mad.
you're a worried old man who's soon going to die, but i have all my life before me.
you're a selfish old man, uncle isak.
you need to distract yourself.
hanaogi really gone, major.
tell them the truth, that tano and maranka gave him the evil medicine that killed him!
you are funny.
you can burn too if it pleases you but it'll still cost you four bits.
so before park got killed, he and cho clashed over segi shopping mall.
you need tanks and heavy artillery
what a pity.
you must worry a lot.
what's left behind is just trash.
you don't have to play any games or say anything foolish.
and how are we going to feed them?
or more stupid.
you can drink this without going blind.
what's wrong?
then what did you do?
you would die.
you calmly announce that you've murdered a man and ask me to find someone else to take the blame.
that's really deep:
you think the man's an idiot or something?
you said that since you`d known me, you`d been afraid of being a lonely old woman, teaching dancing.
but l`ll tell you something that`s rather ironic.
you going to tell him the truth?
you're just about 30 hours overdue.
but, honey, don't get me wrong.
and every day i became more tyrannical, more monstrous in my domination of louise.
you spend money to get depressed?
you're hurting my ears.
but his confessions match with the facts of the case.
but why?
get to the point.
so young to die.
what atrocity is this?
how annoying!
but who are you?
what's wrong?
and a devilish gleam in your eye
he is really unusual
 really, dear.
but try to ease the boot on slowly.
and filled all the stockings, then turned with a jerk
you still smell of perfume.
you'll never die by the hands of the sioux.
and what happened to them?
but now it thinks that it was an error to do it?
you can't study the layout of the bridge after dark.
you've got troubles, alright.
you had to blow it!
and how about these girls?
but i keep telling him he has nothing to worry about.
you accuse me of doubting too deeply.
what have you been telling this fool?
and it looked like he was, all right, stretched out on the sofa, dead to the world.
and you still want to confess without consulting a lawyer?
what a mess.
but she really goes !
and unexpected.
you know the, uh, the problem of finding an unobtrusive spot for a vaccination is getting more and more difficult.
you hypocrite!
you really love her?
you sound bitter.
how about putting us on sick list?
what's wrong with you?
why didn't you attack the anthill singlehanded?
 it's gino, his truck hit a tree and caught fire and he's very badly burned
but it's too risky to try at night.
you're an undesirable alien.
what if i died?
you lie.
but isn't it strange that the hypnotist chose the name oscar?
and why not?
you detest me, don't you?
so what?
why didn't you attack the ant hill singlehanded?
what's your problem, son?
then what?
you stood up to death itself.
so why don't we stop wastin' our time here?
but very difficult to lead life as in a play.
she was, actually.
 it doesn't mean we'd really kill anybody.
and they may also be a bit of a tease for your memory.
you're talking nonsense.
who the hell was he?
and this mornin' she wouldn't let her calf suck.
you play rough, don´t you?
and at this time, you did not know that your sister was accused of the crime, did you?
why don't they put those unfortunate creatures to sleep?
you don't want to kill me, do you?
you know what one of those scandal magazines would do with it.
why not tell him your troubles?
those poor fellows actually think zorro will save them.
what we're going to do is to fight a delaying action.
not really an accountant.
 what evil did he do?
oh, if they ever heard the way that psycho really talks.
why such a panic?
you're wrong.
you never fell?
so why don't we let hank keep trying while we begin our own working?
but you can't drink too much, the alcohol is toxic.
you know, i can`t believe l`m really here.
so what?
nobody really can.
your son was picked up, dazed and distracted hardly knowing where he was or what had happened.
the town, the power he had, me, if he really ever wanted me.
you're not trying to fool me?
one bad night and you'll be out.
but he reason for meeting him, isn't only because i'm lonely.
what carnage, you've made!
who gathered the wild strawberries for me?
so disturbing.
you're a liar!
after the tourist season it's really dull.
but for now, settle for the fact that i am here and they've lost my track.
and that his hypocrisy makes me sick.
you deaf?
what's wrong?
you sick?
 what did the prisoner say?
you're not usually so slow in the uptake.
then she boldly takes her time, adding one more pine cone to a life of crime.
you irritate me!
you've been robbing me blind.
you hate me.
that he's physically normal and yet there is something wrong with him.
you've got a real twisted mind, haven't you?
so what?
but what if she should?
you're a little upset.
but there's really nothing wrong with your eyes, is there?
or we are on the verge of annihilation.
and later, if things are hard for her
you are lying.
you jerk.
 really?
that's the truth.
you really like it, ma'am?
yeah, i know, but it's funny.
what a terrible day!
so what?
you'll kill me with your carelessness.
so he was already known and had a kind of dark reputation.
you had a hard blow.
you want to get me drunk?
you have been a bit upset with the death of your son.
you know how joe is, always suspicious.
so you ate the soup and soon after you were seized with violent pains, retching, collapsed unconscious.
and why?
you're lethal.
you're going to be dead inside of a year.
you've just got to keep away from bad oysters.
what can be the cause of miki's delay?
but i don't put the blame on mildred.
but i never knew i could miss anything so much.
why you afraid to show her off?
you lost him?
but saito's cut their food rations and if he makes the sick men work.
only a barrister can actually plead a case in court.
you're making a big mistake.
so what's gonna happen to us?
and i tell him it's his fault that i am as i am.
what the hell is that?
you really think he's innocent?
i don't believe in wasting time, so let's get to the point.
who the heck is oscar?
and what about the thing with the teacher?
you're so afraid.
and when shall i go to a prisoner of war camp?
so the absence of fingerprints in a robbery
you lose, grant.
please, i know .. how much she has lost.
what a joke.
you're lethal.
but one day you stand at the edge of life and face darkness.
you're the shock absorber for collisions with exwives models, new wives and assorted tramps.
 really?
and the other senor what does he do?
but it is insane to try and escape.
"your life, o fool
you don't know me because you're the sedentary type.
and how was the new bombsight?
so that she will not fall in an ugly position of dishonour when she dies.
you're sick maybe.
you were able to make a slave of him, now bring him back!
but that gramps was awfully sweet.
and who would know?
what's that rubbish there?
why have you gone so beastly?
you are dreadful.
 what are your symptoms?
 why is it wrong?
but man, people sure love gossip.
and are you aware, mrs helm, that the penalty in this country for perjury is a heavy term of imprisonment?
you're lucky to be telling the truth.
 what actually happens is this:
why don't they die?
so what!
there's really nothing to it.
and you keep bothering me with a situation that was already solved.
you coldblooded devil!
what's that arrogance?
but why do you quarrel, then?
and, if at such a moment, a man does not forget to do the proper thing, that is not a bad thing at all.
your fingernails are filthy.
 surely.
and it was the truth.
and what will this examination do?
you mean, i could kill myself?
and this is miss costello and miss saylor.
why don't we let the police worry about it?
your what?
and the worst of it is he's so good at everything.
so why do you pick up with these schnooks?
and why?
and tell him the driver was killed.
your troops refused to attack.
you know i hate to go begging other people for help.
then there were some who just got tired of living.
how awful, how awful!
and that gave her enough time to kill lynk, get back home and pass out like a lady.
your mechanic has spoiled you.
you're breaking my heart!
you're hereby remanded to the custody of the sheriff and you'll be transported to the state penitentiary to serve a term of not less than one, nor more than ten years of imprisonment.
and what have we here?
you have an insidious mind, perry.
you must need money awful bad to do this.
to the point.
 what's wrong?
what's wrong with haskins?
what's so funny about that?
listen, wyatt, the only thing i'm really scared of is dying in bed.
and your disgusting jealousy
honestly don't know.
you whine to your heart's content!
and the fellow who did it is in a trap.
you've got to show 'em an iron fist.
you no sick.
you been sick, ma'am awful sick.
so that he doesn't kill anybody else?
remember what old uncle lonesome said.
and i know it's fatal.
what's wrong with that thing?
you have no objections?
what's wrong with that?
but you're not so bad, snapper.
 yes, he is really.
what a waste!
but what if she should?
 nothing, really.
you missed a few lessons in your home desert study, mr. bonnard.
you're making a big mistake, you people.
you're not going to hurt me?
and what about the peons?
that's really very quick.
and almost killed him!
so what?
 nothing really.
what am i, an orphan?
it's really a natural, mr lasalle.
and your relationship with him is becoming public gossip.
you'll ruin your uniform under that flying suit.
your own medicine shall name the liar.
nobody really can.
really, natalia?
and why not, with all those marks out there.
tell the truth
you know everything, smear sacred ash and tie an amulet.
but we're facing a crisis.
you know, the navy boys really fixed this place up.
you're just about 30 hours overdue.
what do you want? tell the truth
i'm actually really poor you know?
you were in pain, weren't you?
and both my husband and i are really busy, we have demanding jobs and we have demanding home lives and now it's not that the spark is gone, but it's defimitely waning.
you itching to get back to california?
despite my little flaws, i speak six languages and i've lived in the far east.
what happens while you've surrendered your weapon and given it to the nurse and the enemy shows up?
and mayor king's no fool.
why have you broken her hands?
but lieutenant roget killed lejeune on that patrol and then blackmailed me into keeping quiet about the whole thing!
"and as it were a great mountain burning with fire
why do i have to die, father?
what are you afraid of, huh?
and what am i supposed to be, a human lie detector or something?
it's the truth.
you stink.
and what about hearing' the kid yell?
you aren't suffering.
but you never gave me a tumble till tonight.
so we pitted our puny powers against the supernatural that mark kyra zelas for death.
then who?
but if anyone votes not guilty, we'll stay here and talk it out.
and a weak man to take them.
and the curtain falls.
you have been taught to kill without weapons.
you're a writer but you're very poor at guessing.
then what would mr. bahrwell want with little old me?
 why is more than 60 bad?
but nevertheless, you have to consider that every one of her kisses is contagious, and that the child must be protected from her kisses, too.
you don't really mean you'll kill me, do you?
what with the drought, nobody pays back.
why did shibata want tetsu dead?
you got me sober to tell me that?
then you were playing the fool again.
you picked him because he was a coward, didn't you?
"but a veil of secrecy, whispers and innuendo has been drawn across this problem.
but he doesn't mean a word he says because he's cold as ice.
you idiot!
that's when you'll be really jealous.
then we come back and complain.
"what's in the stew tonight?"
you look anxious.
so what?
you don't really mean you'll kill me, do you?
you'll get tired.
how sad
you must be very tired by now.
see how funny i am?
you will die!
♪ you can't get far without a rail road ♪
and are you aware, mrs helm, that the penalty in this country for perjury is a heavy term of imprisonment?
or what he's like or anything.
or he may slow down or speed up.
you punished vidyadhar, but the person responsible for all this commotion,
and who knows if that's silvestra's chair?
what's your arrogance?
why do i have to die, father?
you're really photogenic.
you're drunk.
and there she was, dead.
you will not be harmed.
you've been contacted by someone who had a name, real or false.
so moody all morning!
you're making a big mistake, you people.
you're burning my nose.
then sentence me to death!
 actually
you caught me unprepared.
why, isn't that a ridiculous
your son stole my crop!
you picked him because he was a coward, didn't you?
and what about hearing the kid yell, huh?
what the hell is this?
but who is he?
you're crazy, that's what you are!
you don't have to be afraid of me, ma'am.
and don't use your temper, use your sense about it.
you look ridiculous!
so what?
and impose the penalties prescribed by the code of military justice.
you itching to get back to california?
and are you aware, mrs helm, that the penalty in this country for perjury is a heavy term of imprisonment?
you'll get that money even if you had to kill your own brother?
what makes life so difficult?
he was way down deep under where there was this cave and it was real dark and muddy.
you said something about the crab being afraid of electricity, doctor.
you're wrong, you know, you're wrong, but there's something wrong here there's something that's been overlooked.
and that no one makes a fuss without reason.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
you loathe me, don't you?
 really?
you lured me into a trap.
you're not so bad yourself.
how could i have been so careless?
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding' about slum kids and injustice.
what a shame.
and who shall be favored with these delicious berries picked in the early morn by a lovely young woman?
you crazy or something?
you'll ruin me forever?
you are cheating yourself.
that is the truth.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
but this is like the plague of egypt!
so why don't we stop wastin' our time here?
you are so suspicious.
"you mustn't beg my forgiveness.
and another young person, i now declare this bizarre i now unveil this memorial.
and after all the pains we took deceiving everybody.
and how did he do that?
what, are you crazy or something?
you did it, and you're just as bad as they are!
 the truth.
you've been through a terrible ordeal.
your hand is freezing.
you idiot.
but, sheriff, that's insane.
 what did the prisoner say?
you trying to insinuate something?
 why did you steal it?
why there's them would see me hang if i was to ride there again.
but first we have to get him into the trap.
and there she was, dead.
you are unworthy of command!
the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
but i don't believe in all these stories about drinking being harmful.
yes, but why?
you were caught in the middle of this unfortunate affair.
i had a daughter but now she's dead to me, forever.
then why not shoot the entire regiment?
you lied for her.
then she come along, started seeing 'im on the sly.
or is this an optical illusion?
you look awful.
or am i going mad?
but the message is incomplete.
but that doesn't mean she's psychotic crazy.
you've lost your poker face.
how'd he die, ma'am?
you can lie
you're trouble!
and because i hoped what they were saying about you wasn't the truth.
and on my weak arm too.
you're sure you're not going to miss any of those things you left behind?
you're tired, dax.
you are very suspicious, mr. bannon.
and don't make me lose my temper
but lying there.
and before they're proven wrong,
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
then he's a scoundrel!
you cheater!
but this is an absurd story!
you lie.
but thereby the bourgeoisie has also forged the weapons of its own destruction.
you make me sick!
what are you afraid of, griff?
but i'm a little tired.
 how do you live with it, miss bruce?
you mustn't be ashamed.
you know the penalty?
but when i reached mahabaleshwar, he had expired.
your maternal uncle can ruin them easily.
but i can identify vijay if i so choose and if i don't, he'll be shut away as a lunatic.
then how will i eat?
you'd lose your meal ticket, wouldn't you?
you're hurting me.
you're crazy.
and what he do?
now, look, the only thing that counts now is the truth.
but what's happening?
how about you stubborn girl?
you don't have to hate johnny anymore.
what about that business with the knife?
you would have died long back if you wanted to.
she'll surely join
what's wrong with haskins?
but why did you wait so long to tell me?
and what i want to sell 'im, believe me, 'e'll want to buy.
what's wrong?
you find yourself doing the same things you hated your own mother and father doing.
you look dog tired!
you are the worst looking guy i met in my life.
and you weren't under an emotional stress, were you?
you ain't gonna buy this, but all i wanted to do was steal it.
you make me sick with your heroics.
but what if she didn't?
your grandmother doesn't seem so strict, if she lets you stay out overnight on your own.
 she wasn't really sore.
why didn't i fall for somebody else?
but who will lend me?
what do you sentence him to death?
you're mad.
you're blind and you made it across the fjord.
why, i'd be losing money.
you're burning my nose.
how funny, you've never mentioned them.
you can take that, surely.
you prod darya, she's a lazy thing.
so why don't we stop wastin' our time here?
what's so funny about that?
you'll ruin your uniform under that flying suit.
it really doesn't matter.
and you make sure he don't fall off.
what hypocrites you are in this country.
see how the body contracts, until his limbs become a rope of madness.
what's wrong with haskins?
but his lies were to encourage those who cannot be cured.
so i get mad.
and instead the new one fell, the old one is holding well.
you protest too much.
you're an ungrateful cuss, allison.
so i deprived the "puck" team of a sure goal?
and what happened next, grandpa?
 what rent, you fool!
what else is wrong with me?
and yet under what pretext can i commit high treason?
and get this into your stupid skull.
why this is blackmail.
why, miss, what seems to be the trouble?
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding' about slum kids and injustice.
you're a damned civilian, after all.
you were never so cruel before.
 what cruelty.
but lieutenant roget killed lejeune on that patrol and then blackmailed me into keeping quiet about the whole thing!
"why, he had never made a mistake in his life,
you idiot!
what has all this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
what a cold!
 what the devil's going on here?
how is it you're in this condition?
then there's plenty to stab at
there's an enemy post three miles away so we'll have to sleep in the jungle.
and you're telling me a lie!
you can have it cheap.
you always feel trapped biologically.
you know, there's only one way he or she could have gotten out there and that's through the window of your apartment.
what's your objection?
you're wrong!
orchid, what's wrong?
please get to the point
you would die.
you're not so solemn now.
what's wrong with that?
you've lost nothing.
you killed her.
so then he said if his parents rejected our union, we'd die together.
but as soon as i got away from my mother i suddenly realized how wonderful life really was!
your knight's at risk.
and why you were born here?
that's when you'll be really jealous.
and were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
you surely don't think i want to bother you too?
what kind of selfish!
you agree that the point and the cutting edge are razorsharp?
that is the truth, before god?
why are you so angry to him?
you got it now but you ain't gonna have it long.
but under protest.
 is this the truth?
what's wrong?
he was way down deep under where there was this cave and it was real dark and muddy.
who gathered the wild strawberries for me?
and what's the difference?
no one does really.
 the truth.
really busy.
hannibal, hi what is up with you, kid, you aint telling me you are mad with me?
so allow me, miss, to offer my hand
but i am worried
oh, really?
you're gonna spoil me.
they don't know what the truth is.
your sunny, funny face
why did she tell lies?
you might kill tarzan!
you actually believe this nonsense.
really, there's no fool like an old fool!
your wife's kind of tired.
your fiances wasted again?
and bewildered
why should he lie?
actually, col.
so how come you vote not guilty?
but i'm not going to startle the whole countryside by letting them know i'm not married.
why will men here, and women, too, kill for her?
or did somebody bump you on the head once and you haven't gotten over it?
then why don't you come home and go to sleep?
so sober and upright, that, it almost makes me feel ashamed.
how do they kill each other?
and don't you worry, mrs. mckay.
he who breaks the oath he dies.
and to delegate it with carrying on struggle with kaledin and organizing
but how will she wait?
you couldn't lose him if you wanted to
you're making me dizzy.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
actually, it's my fault.
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
what troubles you?
how can i kill someone?
you look tired.
what are you trying to do, break down the door?
and bewildered
you scratched me.
and the simple secret of the plot ls just to tell them
you couldn't believe how bad it's been.
you lousy loser!
but how can she accuse us of something she knows nothing about?
you know, giving out with the rumors.
your husband is getting very stingy
then graves actually did see you in that room.
you owe me two more for tiring' out my cattle.
and the baby died for a few days.
why drag it out?
you have neglected god, and worshipped a man?
you sick?
you have taught the wrong thing, sarvabhouma.
so his death, his funeral
and are you aware, mrs helm, that the penalty in this country for perjury is a heavy term of imprisonment?
you're funny.
but to be able do this we'll need to know who the enemy is.
and you have been living as the wife of the prisoner, leonard vole?
you tell your hoods if they want me, they'll find me on the picket line.
and now, lonesome, back in those difficult days you had a pal.
look how dark it's getting out there.
 why, do i look cheap?
and what times we had.
and it was the truth.
 really so?
and all the omens certainly are terrible.
the truth is my daughter did bring her troubles home and i wouldn't understand.
and what now?
but it is insane to try and escape.
and why did you come by last night, mr. froy?
or if you were dead.
you can burn too if it pleases you but it'll still cost you four bits.
so what's gonna happen to us?
no, really.
what trick is that?
or he may slow down or speed up.
but, well, one of the men took sick very suddenly this morning, sir.
let's say another 25 % in actually taking the anthill.
what a mess.
she just happened to be speaking the truth.
he wouldn't really lie.
and if she didn't kill him, i'm not an accessory to murder.
and lastly i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
you no sick.
why, does it seem stupid to you?
when the navy learns the truth, they'll say:
what's her problem?
you what?
you are reflected in your own indifference.
and you will regret that you did not cooperate.
then we'll run in, lay one pattern of charges, drop back, wait for one hour, and attack again.
it's completely waterproof and actually plastic.
what's wrong?
you don't have to worry about it, i have already done it.
you kill my wife and my people.
and then an ancient enemy appears,
who killed johnson?
you're cheating my kids!
you know it's real weird, you without austin.
 why lie?
you are beginning to get mad?
you're a liar.
what has chiefly disturbed sir edward
you're really serious, aren't you?
 the truth.
and i tell him it's his fault that i am as i am.
and try too hard.
"and every tale condemns me for a villain.
you were harbouring a fugitive.
how disappointing.
what a pity!
you know, being this civilized is ridiculous.
your friend plays kind of rough.
you see your problem now, senator?
your troops refused to attack.
you're asking for the impossible!
you wanna play hard with me, you picked yourself the wrong patrick.
you're the same stripe as the rest of them slaves.
you know something, sam, if anybody else had made that remark, i'd worry.
but i'm not antagonistic to him.
they really kicked me hard.
then why 
you cheated at cards.
and what about that business with the knife?
then we'll steal one.
what once seemed impossible will seem simple and natural.
why, it'll be coming in here in contention before long.
and in spite of everything, you may come to the ball.
you're wasting your time, milt.
then how?
you could take off on a cloud, and he'd follow you a track.
you're jealous of mr. williams.
how dare you to refuse me, you sassy girl!
you rascal!
but when she saw this kid killing his father, she was in the house alone.
oh, really?
 what did he die for?
you killed her!
 what a pity.
now, is there really a town called riddle?
you want to kill me?
why, sir, we know nothing of such foul deeds.
your bad deeds would be disclosed sooner or later
you won't be bothered by those memories much longer.
to the point of full abandon?
 what's wrong with you?
 i beg to report, sir, that i was really shamming.
and what happened to your heels?
you did nothing wrong.
 he has to fight or i can't kill him.
you are ugly!
but i can't deny that prediction.
not that she ever did drink very much really.
but contrasted with real beauty, it's difficult to concentrate on anything else.
you're lying.
you know, he must have been drunk.
but how?
you killed a man?
actually i was supposed to send it to seoul yesterday but i haven't written a word.
then why are you talking about a memory?
but i am tired.
so what?
you've spoiled everything.
how scary.
see who's sick.
you act so strange
and you're a poor wretch
what was it, a headache?
you know how weak her husband is.
you've cracked the mystery.
you're really strong, daisy.
you killed emily french!
you see your problem now, senator?
you're a wild one.
donald graves, was actually looking through a window of the house, this defendant clubbed edward norton over the head, causing his death almost instantly.
but how do they make that kind of money?
what a coward.
then why are you asking for food?
that is the truth.
you know, they've been really looking forward to it.
you might be entirely wrong.
people will really talk about this one, won't they, jesse?
what actually happened is this.
or what he's like or anything.
but as for having us powerless, with nowhere to turn, that's something else again.
what's so odd about it?
you're sick.
 what trick is that?
you see, sigbritt and charlotta made a tapestry and angelica baked a cake, and anna has painted a really good picture,
what a waste of time.
and what's more, i don't care!
you treated her as a slave for years.
you're dead meat!
but from the stir she's making among the young men of the pueblo, you will soon lose her.
you're tired, dax.
and if we die, we die without god.
you cry when you're insulted.
but a crime has been committed.
you mean you miss a father.
but its implications are far more terrible than any ghost could ever be.
your line of defence, however, will be lack of motive.
really, mr. canfield.
why are you howling, you fool?
you're in a little trouble, boy.
you're gonna make me sore
you said you didn't betray anyone.
what do you see besides a big, dumb guy?
and you had to get mixed up with the number one murderer.
you might have thought me annoying, out of line.
what was it, a headache?
and are you aware, mrs helm, that the penalty in this country for perjury is a heavy term of imprisonment?
what a petty soul!
so embarrassing in front of the workers.
wherever you run into it, prejudice always obscures the truth.
but why?
how does champagne go with four roses, scotch, martinis and bloody marys?
so long as they have that idea, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
no, it's the truth!
you're pathetic!
then what did you say to yourself?
you're afraid.
and the naked human body, too resembles a pig.
what's the trouble all about?
you have a sharpiess knife.
you know it's a funny thing.
you picked him because he was a coward, didn't you?
not really.
you're hurt bad.
you always complain.
what are you tryin' to distort?
and the man, he is dead.
how much damage is done annually to the american forest by the spruce bud worm?
you're missing the point entirely.
so why don't we stop wastin' our time here?
 what mistake?
but why have you not arrested
you are still suspicious.
you guys would be taking an awful chance.
surely he knows.
yeah, but if somebody busts in, you know what they're going to find?
you're not going to quibble over 30 francs.
what the hell
you killed him.
you know, i'm not always so drunk i can't see.
why, you prowling' old rascal.
you can't study the layout of the bridge after dark.
you're a funny man.
and when he hunted trouble
not really.
how do, miss ogi?
so let's have a little more desperation, huh?
why, miss, what seems to be the trouble?
but renate was so despairing, the way he went off with him in the middle of the party
but playing a decoy like that was awfully dangerous.
so how come you vote not guilty?
you've got the wrong man.
what's wrong?
you hear 'em coming, shimmy 'em down the middle.
but suddenly i knew they were really the two ends of the same concept.
what do you mean, lonely?
 let the public see what a fraud he really is.
but he also hates you.
you should see the boil on the neck of the sick.
how can russia compete with such propaganda?
then something has gone wrong.
that's beside the point.
 really?
then why'd you go out there?
you're wasting your time.
but it was burning.
the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
you dirty vitellone!
but that character with the bare knees, he bothers me.
and what will people say?
so what are you gonna do?
but, miss eleanor, what are you talking about?
you needn't worry.
you are not a bad girl, the problem is you are a troublemaker.
and i'm here to tell you the truth.
what the devil are you doing here?
and then of course there's the issue as to whether it'll really do what you want it to do.
your father"s absence doesn't worry you?
you're gonna spoil me.
but i never knew i could miss anything so much.
so candid, he's already told me we'll have to sue him for our fees.
but that doesn't prove she was there the night of the murder.
you lose, grant.
and you weren't under an emotional stress, were you?
and he heard the kid yell out "i'm gonna kill ya."
 the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
you really want them to build the bridge?
what's wrong now?
but no, ma'am, that'd be just plain crazy.
what the devil?
and nothing but the truth?
you can blame your ma and pa if you're a schmo
you're burning my nose.
how are you feeling, miss mckay?
you're lying!
so i became this assistant without being an assistant meaning i didn't really know what he wanted from me.
so you're drunk!
and what if i die?
and the grim master leads with scythe and hourglass.
your friend is a barbarian.
what's wrong, reiko?
what's wrong?
your what?
what the hell!
when the navy learns the truth, they'll say:
or maybe a juggler who accomplishes the only impossible trick.
there's an enemy post three miles away so we'll have to sleep in the jungle.
and if i killed him, this nishida.
 really?
 they've really gone!
you see those fallen tree trunks and the gray rock just below them on that little beach?
and what has that done to the town except turn it into a vulgar joke?
you haven't missed a wednesday afternoon for the past six months.
you'll really come to the embassy at about 12:30?
you're a traitor and you cheated me.
why you afraid to show her off?
your husband will have to stand trial, i'm afraid.
you know, after you pick up charlie savage, you'll need a new second gun.
you're so afraid.
but how?
i'm really to blame.
why can i not kill god within me?
you are a liar.
how awful.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
and what about that business with the knife?
you don't look so bad yourself.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
what'll you do if you lose your hand?
you'll hurt mr. meek.
you think he's not guilty, huh?
you looked death in the face.
what are you trying to distort
you're too noisy
you don't have to say a lot of nonsense.
you lie down.
 so it really was 
you fell into the trap.
 what do you mean, "nothing, really"?
but i don't bother with the others.
you lost your sidekick.
but it is a terrible thing, comandante, for a man to be hungry.
and who shall be favored with these delicious berries picked in the early morn by a lovely young woman?
you don't want to kill me, do you?
isn't it the truth?
and it's my fault.
what's wild?
and he'll find me, and he'll kill you.
and what happened to your heels?
so, this is the deadly weapon.
you might show some shame, some guilt.
why is it so cold here?
you don't scare me.
what an insult!
you forget the bad things, terrible things.
what a nauseating prospect.
but don't you worry, the stuff will move.
what did he die for?
and he heard the kid yell out, "i'm gonna kill ya."
and this room is a prison to me
you don't seem to be pining for lack of company.
why are you so rude?
you are bad!
you know what a bad cook i am!
you think he could have made the wound that killed his father?
but it's impossible.
so scary.
you have done nothing wrong
but how do they make that kind of money?
but the real story is, what they found at the last crash.
what's wrong with that?
you're really going, after all.
really put me through the wringer.
but, to be killed by one of you
you're a petty thief disguised as a revolutionist
and bang  someone's lying in the gutter.
why are you so concerned about me?
 really, father?
your voice cracked.
 actually, those two fellas there wrote it.
you are not afraid an ambush?
not really.
what if you kill esquivel?
what did after establishing the cause and the hour of the death?
what's wrong with you?
you ain't gonna hate me.
then i'll tell you the truth.
but he was always conservative, frigid
and he walked very slowly to the stand.
and even with your ms, you're actually more flexible than i am which annoys me, but the tantra exercises help us to build and keep sexual energy high.
then this is the truth?
what's with a knife?
but what are you taéking about?
that's the point.
you are beginning to get mad?
you're not lying to me?
and no doubt he's rescued senor de ia vega.
you keep your sticky fingers out of this, dear friend.
you detest me, don't you?
what if kotaro catches a cold?
but you've broken every law of your god.
who is messing up here?
you know there is a hell of plenty of help in lambing time,gino,you know
but you wished it to be part of your confession.
you still hate me.
and we were very poor.
what happens if we surrender?
but how do you tell a man his son was killed?
you said you would and you did it!
you idiot!
not really an accountant.
you can have it cheap.
then who would build your bridge?
then why did you go into mourning?
and what time have you?
but very risky.
you're always straight to the point, daisy.
and surely go to meet that crazy gardener, kalicharan.
you've lost everything.
you kill any one of them and the word will reach every lodge in this region.
what i really come up here for is to straighten you out so you wouldn't get any wrong ideas why i made a play for you.
but i'm afraid, pierre.
you think cops are dumb!
you're all under arrest for violation of the volstead act.
you won't be able to carry the burden of motherhood.
you want this lousy job or don't you?
you miss your child but don't you see that all the students are your children, and will have for life the feelings and character that you will instill them?
 what's the point of it all?
and that sentence is death.
so them that don't care for beans can go heavy on the salad and vice versa.
you mustn't feel any remorse.
do you hear the truth from the wife of the guilty one?
then she died.
or what?
your sunny, funny
you must prepare yourselves for the worst.
you, devil, you were the one, who gave me the idea with the socks!
then why did you marry him?
why do you quarrel with him?
then why didn't you stop ringo and clanton?
you keep walking on that foot, you'll bleed to death.
you get stuck in.
why are you so alarmed?
why are you so scared, krishna?
but why come here?
the issue here is, who is really best fit to represent the people?
but you're not so bad, snapper.
the tinker's wife is really going to croak, huh?
but what barbarity, i don't know any carolina, grandpa!
and how.
and impose the penalties prescribed by the code of military justice.
you'd think it impossible
but what about college and law school that you've always talked about?
you agree that the point and the cutting edge are razorsharp?
and careless.
you'll get a hefty sentence then.
what is all that commotion hari chandran?
you're guilty and you don't even know it.
why don't they die?
but the way he knew he was going to die and the horrible way he actually did.
but he is hardheaded and disloyal.
so you're mad.
but, honey, i'm just dead.
you don't know the truth and won't try to see it!
you go to the american bar on the rue joliette.
believe me, he's really going to do it.
you might at least strike it.
you're both gone mad.
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
why would they banish you?
you're on the go, and i'm stuck.
and yet, if you're clumsy or reckless nobody kills you.
then you will have to suppress them.
you have annoyed her, talk about something else
you told me that when you overwork you get nervous and tend to lose weight.
you know what's wrong with you?
you were born clumsy, that's all.
it's hard to sleep the way you and miss agda carry on.
if he really had killed his father, why would he come back home three hours later?
you got a bad mouth.
so, i left o'shin as a hostage.
and yet, we are barren.
and why not?
and what propaganda !
why don't you get out of something uncomfortable?
 what the devil is this?
 really?
but he couldn't see me for dust.
but they're hassling me again with problems of passport and residency.
and yet under what pretext can i commit high treason?
and there she was, dead.
and who's gonna work tonight?
and neither was the mistress.
but you'll get into trouble if you marry me.
then you can kill him.
you're worried, you're troubled.
it's really unforgivable!
you lose, grant.
then it was an order or a warning.
you get the hell?
you're drunk.
you'll ruin everything!
or are you afraid zorro will come and take him away from you?
that is not the point.
and my beard is wet and i'm powerless.
yeah, but how far and how fast?
and in arranging the marriage, you lied to the authorities?
but what if she should die?
you crack up on those walls.
why, you thieving', little wretch!
but how do we find the man who is guilty, don diego?
but why?
you killed emily french!
or maybe a juggler who accomplishes the only impossible trick.
but we must keep the devil away.
you see, if any of you get hurt or wounded on the trek the others will have to leave him behind.
so, i demand a death sentence.
then you'll be blind instead of dead.
what's wrong with that thing?
and don't worry.
really what?
you mean this wooden zombie's going to uproot itself from the earth?
your colonel is mad.
and you sitting there in bloated selfsatisfaction.
and i am worthless
you're quite wrong, ìr.
you are concerned for your husband.
now are you trying to tell me that this knife really fell through a hole in the boy's pocket, someone picked it up off the street, went to the boy's house and stabbed his father with it just to test its sharpness?
you see, sigbritt and charlotta made a tapestry and angelica baked a cake, and anna has painted a really good picture, and kristina and birgitta wrote a song that they'll sing to him.
but he couldn't see me for dust.
you're not so bad yourself.
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
only a barrister can actually plead a case in court.
who will die in the battlefield?
and who shall be favored with these delicious berries picked in the early morn by a lovely young woman?
who is without sin?
what a shame
you wanted the truth and that's it.
and in spite of everything, you may come to the ball.
you're utterly ruthless and never listen to anyone but yourself.
and why has peter wa henry chosen me?
so you freely admit, private ferol, that you retreated?
what do i have to die for, father?
your client seemed so nervous.
how does champagne go with four roses, scotch, martinis and bloody marys?
you said, you scarcely knew neilson.
you see, you're not the only one who's got troubles.
and how is your wife?
why is he despite all, a mocking reality i can't be rid of?
what a nauseating prospect.
what did i do wrong?
so what do i care?
then he's a scoundrel!
what can the enemy be plotting, with nary a torch?
this guy here is really somethin'.
you don't know miss plimsoll.
what's wrong with it?
the iguana is a kind of crocodile, but not really a crocodile.
who are you going to kill next?
you're wasting your time.
what do you need an excuse for?
 what's the trouble?
what's she gonna think when she reads all this nonsense?
which she really wasn't.
you really want to go away with me?
your honour, i object.
you didn't leave with miss sommer?
n.g. and his stupid jokes.
you broke another pot!
what a couple of losers we are.
what can the enemy be plotting, with nary a torch?
you want to see this boy die because you personally want it, not because of the facts.
in the strand, really?
 what's wrong, veronica?
the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
¶ your sunny, funny face
you're an odd sort, you know?
and the doctor too, unfortunately.
what's wrong?
you need it badly.
that's not the point!
but there's no time to lose.
and you needn't bother peeking through the keyhole.
you still hate me for that, don't you?
it's over now and i'm a little tired.
ain't that the truth?
and when you had that newborn baby smothered, was that not murder?
and i do what i do out of fear also.
then i'm the offender.
and somewhere ahead an object.
you're heartless!
but the reason he wanted me around has always been a mystery to me.
what's wrong between you and eileen?
you really want to cultivate here?
see who's sick.
you see, sigbritt and charlotta made a tapestry and angelica baked a cake, and anna has painted a really good picture, and kristina and birgitta wrote a song that they'll sing to him.
or am i going mad?
what do you mean, murder?
and unless we do something about it, there's another killing coming up.
but one day you stand at the edge of life and face darkness.
you're very tired.
and pity the poor ape who believes it's her duty and not a pleasure.
what a rotten time everybody's had.
so candid, he's already told me we'll have to sue him for our fees.
but i've always been stuck on him.
and there she was, dead.
it was really small.
you really want to read that nasty paper?
and what would i do
what a pity.
what's wrong?
you're a selfish old man, uncle isak.
you stake me to $1000 and i'll split my winnings.
how can he ignore the general's invitation?
you are beginning to get mad?
you get stuck in.
you almost break his head.
we're all prisoners of each other's gossip, killed by each other's whispers and it's time it stopped.
but i'm a weak and foolish old man, and i haven't the will to pull the trigger.
your reaction is too naive
but not say silly stuff!
and how is the facing page?
you've gone crazy!
you poor thing.
but even as arrangements were made for an emergency meeting of the president, the cabinet, the national defense board, and the joint chiefs of staff, even then, the bird revealed itself to the world at large
but he couldn't have had anything to do with killing his partner.
your colonel is mad.
what a strange light.
she's a little difficult at times and we've had a little affray but no worse than most people.
you think this is really directed at the colonel?
 the truth.
you slap, and i'll use my finger.
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
you see only enemies.
you're not planning on getting roger really drunk, are you, jock?
but i haven't been much of a provider, i'm afraid.
and who revealed this to you, hobart?
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
and now you've changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking here?
you might have thought me annoying, out of line.
you've made me a fallen woman!
who said i was a cynical hardhearted newspaperman?
so what?
you filthy liar!
you've got a real twisted mind, haven't you?
how old are you really, uncle isak?
you're killing your mother.
and your father comes up from the somaliland and walks into a lost city?
and you're the horridest, nastiest, silliest, stupidest
who's lost?
but that's no disgrace to mortal man.
who would have thought that a freak typhoon could come out of nowhere and wreck all calculations.
what's wrong between you and eileen?
you lousy bunch of bleeding' hearts.
how do you do, miss?
so what?
and without any foolish waste of time.
and being an outcast she's not subject to tribal law.
"but i didn't want to disturb my little sister.
you didn't have to kill him.
but burning inside, adding its own hideous pressure to everything else, was my desperate need for her.
you want to get me drunk?
what's the use of building houses if somebody's gonna blow 'em off the map?
funny how we use the same toothpaste.
but you really didn't know they were the capitoline museums?
 oh, really!
but it was a certain thing he was dead.
you know, slaving wasn't illegal in those days.
how stupid.
some of those parties are actually working against each other.
that really is deep.
she's a little difficult at times and we've had a little affray but no worse than most people.
doctor says it wasn't really a heart attack, just a warning.
and what a team.
you'll hate it.
but it is insane to try and escape.
so you admit your mistake, comandante.
you can kill from six feet way.
what is there to cry about?
you mean the defendant accused her employer of murder?
you're dead tonight.
what you're asking me to do is break the law of men and god.
you always find excuses for everything that elisabeth does.
and how much i've missed you.
how come this is not your fault?
then why not shoot the entire regiment?
and when you said that he had accidentally cut his wrist, again, you lied?
you lied, did you not?
that is the truth, before god?
what's the point of having witnesses at all?
we just had a little talk and he flew back to texas and i went on to the point.
he wouldn't really lie.
but others  this is nonsense, does not mean anything.
actually, i think he's mad.
 why did miss miller hit you?
another week and we can shovel the dirt out.
and she herself testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
you killed mekilled me
you allamerican freak.
what an ugly cat.
how much longer must i endure this humiliation?
and are you aware, mrs helm, that the penalty in this country for perjury is a heavy term of imprisonment?
so many things go into our sexual responsewhat we smell what we see, what we hear.
but so far she refuses to testify.
really in conscience.
you're not going to feel too lonely?
so funny.
but you seem a little slow.
then why'd she run off without them?
you're nowhere near froze with all you've got in you already.
the truth comes from the heart not the tongue.
who's sick?
you idiot!
anyone who's ever used a switch knife wouldn't handle it any other way.
 nothing, really.
you know, they've been really looking forward to it.
 why, it's really quite simple.
you come through any roadblocks yet?
then what?
♪you remember the poor!
you're drunk now.
 let's get to the point.
you can't be scared of charlie.
and there she was, dead.
or are you refusing to make a statement?
but i keep telling him he has nothing to worry about.
you're not afraid of de paris, huh?
that's exactly the point this gentleman has been making.
you're hurting me.
but manfred the way a man dies is less important than the way he lives.
your time limit is one hour.
¶ your sunny, funny face
but i want to suffer!
who the heck does that?
why did you break into that store?
why did you kill robert chartrain?
who's is going to drag it down there?
you got some kinda monster inside that house you don't want me to see?
the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
why do you look so sad?
you mustn't take things too hard.
you're on my bunk.
you lost your husband at a young age.
so you're afraid a yankee might crash against you, huh?
you've got the wrong man.
you missed the setup when i mentioned his name last night.
 what's wrong?
you hate maxwell, don't you?
why was he afraid?
it's really only gruel.
you are wasting my time, comrade.
what's this nuisance, uncle?
but how'd you get the idea the idea of doing this job?
maybe a few near misses, but nothing that was ever really my fault.
and what are your plans?
but i wasn't going to ruin my second day of marriage with petty jealousies.
but very gloomy.
funny how a woman's eyes will change colour at nighttime.
you won't lose your nerve?
why don't you get out of something uncomfortable?
the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
why spoil it?
why delay?
so what?
your husband would refuse.
why don't they die?
let's see how sick you really are.
you're really going ahead with this thing, huh, kid?
it doesn't mean we'd really kill anybody.
you all hate me!
but i didn't want to hurt mike's feelings.
you sick?
 what kind of a trick is that?
 really?
you have always been hesitant in marriage
but how will i manage with her?
but, frankly, that's impossible.
so because of that i lost half my attractiveness resulting in that the princess rejected me!
but even your own people, do they really believe you could tag along behind six hurricanes and not be noticed?
it was so damp, it really seemed it was about to rain but it didn't.
and not only damage to my property, to my own property, to my home.
you're mad, dangerous.
you want this lousy job or don't you?
 nothing really.
and what that all has to do with judas?
you were just about to strangle that guy, you know.
but now, in the distance, a clamor grows and soon becomes a wild alarm.
you will then say goodbye to miss marina for the last time.
what's wrong?
and he's dead.
you will suffer for it when winter will arrive.
and why aren't you in bed?
you sure you didn't pick the wrong package at the store?
you killed a united states marshal.
you're worried about what happened today
but why am i talking about this?
but it is insane to try and escape.
you shouldn't be afraid of girls.
but if anyone votes not guilty, we stay here and talk it out.
then this is the truth?
 what kind of a bum is he?
you won't be able to carry the burden of motherhood.
why paint such nonsense?
what's wrong with you?
what classes does carolina take, miss?
and he heard the kid yell out "i'm gonna kill ya."
what did he die for?
what's wrong?
who put an end to his inmortality in this unworthy crypt.
and it's my fault.
actually, they were so cheap i bought some for me too.
 really?
you've ruined me!
you're too clumsy, too weak.
you'll be killed if you start shooting.
those who do wrong always have troubled pasts.
what kind of a mess did i get myself into?
you don't want someone to get killed, do you?
but i'm not antagonistic to him.
so comrades, the results aren't bad but we are sure that first place will definitely be ours!
what would be wrong with that if they did?
so i studied hard.
and i've one more fault.
what are you afraid of?
and the naked human body, too resembles a pig.
who gathered the wild strawberries for me?
you gotta kill him twice.
what torments does the vampire inflict on his victims?"
what a pity that not one of them has all those qualities.
you poor thing.
because mike doesn't always tell the truth.
then you must anticipate trouble.
but he doesn't really care about anything because he's so cold.
then you're not angry with me?
but if anyone votes not guilty, we stay here and talk it out.
how could i miss such a party?
and what?
it's completely waterproof and actually plastic.
in fact, she was a brunette.
why, he's a monster!
you involved me in a public scandal.
how funny, you've never mentioned them.
and you weren't under an emotional stress, were you?
so how about a little cooperation?
 what about the speed limit?
let's get really drunk.
then life is just senseless horror.
that's not the point.
why are you so angry?
why do i have to die, father?
but we've decided not to let it spoil the ball and to go on dancing as if nothing had happened.
you killed a man?
you said something was strange.
you will be doomed.
what is wrong with the fourth of july?
what's wrong?
how could i have been so careless?
your absence was much remarked upon.
tell the truth.
you are also accused of some minor but still serious offenses.
what i wouldn't do for a smoke.
and you're a crook.
 what's wrong with it?
your eyes have been getting worse, haven't they, john?
you look bad, jacek.
and he slowly drove around the block three times.
you want to see this boy die because you want it, not because of the facts.
what's wrong?
what the hell is that?
if you can tell me to break up, you don't really love me that much.
you said surrender.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat  a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
squarcio is there really no other way to get all this?
you had to kill a man because i ran away.
what a pity.
no, it's the truth.
what madness is this?
they want anything but the truth.
you know i'm not dancing anymore and i deeply regret it.
you drunken sot.
what the hell kind of a mother are you?
so what's gonna happen to us?
what is wrong?
and if i die?
 nah  it wasn't that bad actually.
you don't want to kill me, do you?
and yet, in all fairness, this freshman didn't have to obey illegal orders, did he?
what the hell is that?
and who occupies it now?
why would i get angry?
and two: the fact that she described the stabbing by saying she saw the boy raise his arm over his head and stab down into the father's chest.
johnny's in trouble and so is your sister.
 how much damage is done annually to american forests by the spruce bud worm?
then why is he lying there?
then we struck oil back in the hills.
but why'd you come here, ma'am?
you put yourself in the wrong place.
and there were so many others lying dead anyway.
you are uneasy.
and neither was the mistress.
and you're drunk.
you dirty vitellone!
what's wrong now?
what if it had been murder?
you're a worried old man who's soon going to die, but i have all my life before me.
you're tired, dax.
and the worst of it is he's so good at everything.
what are you doing, stark?
you dirty louse!
but we must keep the devil away.
who is nicky more likely to tell his plot to?
and lifeless first some days within my lady's womb, my lady's health is far from certain.
your husband will have to stand trial, i'm afraid.
so what?
what is this, the sahara desert?
what a funny name!
and it's odd but true, she can change to mother's milk even the deadly tissue of the toadstool.
you needn't be afraid.
your life hangs by a thread and your time is short."
you're not so usually slow on the uptake, evans.
you're a selfish old man, uncle isak.
and if those circumstances are wrong, there's still time to get clear?
actually, on the way here.  forget it.
if he's telling the truth, it's simple, see?
you couédn't be taken in by that absurd story.
you're nothing but a delusion and a snare.
and rct itself received a serious setback.
you must have dialled the wrong number.
we just had a little talk and he flew back to texas and i went on to the point.
but why'd you come here, ma'am?
you look so tired.
you can't study the layout of the bridge after dark.
you could knock!
but you don't even die of it, and usually it passes.
and you are wasting time with me?
and you want to make a really good deal?
yes, but why?
you'll never be lonely again.
what is the problem?
yeah, but it's a crazy place, though.
then life is a senseless terror.
but actually you are very smart.
what's that nonsense, lad?
you shall steal again.
you miserable excuse for a chinese restaurant owner.
you're a selfish old man, uncle isak.
you should have heard his last sermon, "plowing under the wicked. "
no, really.
so you had a minor injury.
she honestly thought she saw the boy kill his father.
you know it's a funny thing.
and you should wear your dark suit.
but its implications are far more terrible than any ghost could ever be.
no, that surely ain't it.
what do you mean, trouble?
so, let's say there's no suffering.
so that she will not fall in an ugly position of dishonor when she dies.
you were damned rude just now.
you mean, you really want them to build the bridge?
or maybe a juggler who accomplishes the only impossible trick.
and you don*t really approve of me.
you call me uncouth?
 what's wrong with you?
but he's already dead
so candid, he's already told me we'll have to sue him for our fees.
you shouldn't really wear pajamas.
and what are they?
but you look so tired!
you must have made a mistake.
what if you missed?
but what about señorita alvarez?
but i don't bother with the others.
what's wrong?
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
and what about hearing the kid yell, huh?
but how do we prove this to the magistrado?
but how does it feel?
you're gonna break into where?
you did it, and you're just as bad as they are!
you know, give tokyo the dope on which way the wind's blowing, if it's raining.
you're crazy!
but, in fact she was like a maid to the family.
is he really vijay?
then you were playing the fool again.
nobody really can.
you might stab somebody dead with it in this autumn wind?
what's wrong, lon?
you caught me unprepared.
what has all this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
and it was bannon who killed him.
it's over now and i'm a little tired.
what kind of trap?
you're in for a bad time.
what the hell is this?
your selfishness knows no bounds.
but i am telling the truth.
your rough tumble games.
who could be funny, sweating it out in here?
and only our eyes will never dare lie,
you are unworthy of command!
you really think he's innocent?
 what went wrong?
but what good is an empty head?
how about putting us on the sick list?
then what is it?
what's wrong?
 not really.
but it was tano who gave him the poison medicine.
then you were playing the fool again.
takes a bit of handling but we quarrel no worse than others.
no, it knows we're here and what we're going to do.
what will hurt is waiting in that room, not knowing if they caught you and stood you against the wall.
and drunk, no less.
and from those who are honest because they cannot be dishonest!
what are you doing in those filthy clothes?
but what ii lizzie grew up to be a schoolteacher?
you don't really mean you'll kill me, do you?
why not scare them?
you're gonna see island grabbing the hard way.
you ought to write for one of those kooky detective magazines.
what's wrong with that thing?
how shall i give the emperor these dreadful news?
though what he had to say was quite gloomy.
 what bore?
really, you're not mad at me?
why are you standing there so sad ?
but better that than hell, the priests say.
boy this is really going to be a story.
you'd be bound to misunderstand.
what if she should die?
you'll grate.
"and as it were a great mountain burning with fire
and you're a poor wretch
what's sad about it?
so this movie needed no help from the imagination of a fiction writer.
but why?
how bitter his feelings are against such a man as jivaro.
what do you mean, a mistake?
but who else will?
but what if she should?
but it's a hopeless work.
 really?
but a crime has been committed.
but as they say 'out of sight, out of mind ' and we broke up.
really ill.
 what's wrong with you?
no, not really.
the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
"and there fell a great star from heaven" "burning as it were a lamp."
and he walked very slowly to the stand.
you want to kill me!
and who would launch it?
and what i want to sell 'im, believe me, 'e'll want to buy.
how disgusting!
not really.
but this time we won't fail.
why would i get angry?
but people with rash ideas must be put away for their own good.
 what is wrong?
and all of the time lately, he is angry.
then tell him you were mistaken.
but, rosarita, he's an outlaw!
and my hair is a mess.
you're not going to go to bed in the desert!
and now we've got two sets of killing and no reason at all.
you're burning my nose.
why should he lie?
but he was still a boy, and i killed him.
you're so heartless.
advertisers actually calling in to buy time.
you never sick.
then i'll change the way i strut my stuff.
but this is wrong, all wrong!
you'll fall.
you seem to find time to flirt with the local students.
 really?
who's lost?
and what happens?
what's wrong?
you should see the boil on the neck of the sick.
who stuck up the bank?
you must need money bad to do this.
you're making me nervous.
you are unworthy of command!
you're insane.
you sure, no fever?
you don't need to bother me with it.
 what does it concern?
what a headache i've got!
you're too tired to eat now.
you snapped, and you're not a bad snapper, dolly.
but if i get too lonely, hank, i can always talk to my stock.
what's that rubbish there?
what do you really want?
and we were very poor.
but i heard alex scream.
you have no doubt about the fingerprints on that glass,
you made a mistake sending him away.
you can't fool me.
and who cares?
or is this the one you killed?
what's wrong?
but things are pretty slow right now.
no flags and no showing guns but they are coming slowly.
you shouldn't fool somebody this way!
 now, was that really necessary?
and, in fact, i'm so sure of it that i went downtown today and i signed some papers here that mean that you and i are gonna get married.
they don't know what the truth is!
and so became unintentionally cruel.
what a strange man.
you are too slow.
but why?
 really?
you're quite a joker.
or squander it gambling?
what if i died?
and now we are losing carriers that we need and planes to fly from them.
and he looks sad and says it is his fault.
 what mistake?
 why didn't you attack singlehanded?
and then sigfrid is so brazen and exciting!
what are you afraid of?
you quit outlawin' to settle down and break wild horses.
why do i lied, stole, cheated?
what idiots
you're burning my nose.
what's so funny about that?
but if anyone votes not guilty, we'll stay here and talk it out.
you won't be bored after you see your daddy.
so long as they have that idea, they'ii be soldiers and not slaves.
believe me, he's really going to do it.
you call a wrong number or the dial is not in service.
you are supposed to have said, that war is going to break out soon.
no, but it's possibe the boy lost his knife and somebody else stabbed his father with a similar knife.
you are a liar.
it was my fault you got sick.
you look uneasy.
you're such a liar!
you have destroyed them and tried to destroy me.
you can fix a broken back, but you gotta be alive to do it.
now what do you figure you're gonna die for?
you are mad, aren't you?
you've got to say something so he knows that i have a man in here.
the comet is actually quite tricky to find.
kill him really properly.
you talk differently when you're begging for money.
so dancing is a waste of time?
but surely mr. barnes introduced you as mademoiselle georgette leblanc.
you're afraid.
you still want to beguile me?
not really an accountant, sir.
 it's really nothing, forget it.
you must prepare yourselves for the worst.
why do people always torment themselves?
but you know, sometimes they can get me so angry.
why so afraid?
and you say it out loud, "he isn't coming home."
or even to bleed.
it's really unforgivable!
who the hell are you?
and unless we do something about it, there's another killing coming up.
so what if i am?
you never sick.
then how come they hunt uboats with three destroyers workin' together up in the north atlantic?
but while comrade kashtanov is stuck somewhere in the air
that is the truth.
 not really.
you might get tired, captain.
you see your problem now, senator?
what's this commotion?
then we have accused siu dip wrongly!
to what depths she can sink!
what a couple of losers we are.
it really isn't necessary.
you whine to your heart's content!
and what's better in it?
you know, as usual all the philharmonic's cars are taken, and i need one badly.
you said, you scarcely knew neilson.
how is it you're in this condition?
you got me sober to tell me that?
you'll hurt mr. meek's feelings.
not theirs, surely.
actually, i think he's mad.
you are worried.
what fatal disease?
you grumpy old man of the family.
and you say it out loud, "he isn't coming home."
you're not usually so slow on the uptake, evans.
and then winter fell with a cold mantle of caution and chill.
that is the truth.
what's all this talk about kenner being killed, that it wasn't an accident?
and there would be strange seductive perfume in the air.
and how does washizu fare in battle?
in fact, i'll state frankly to mr. mason that i'm not going to interpose any objections to his crossexamination of this witness.
what's the point of having witnesses at all?
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat  a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
who's a tramp?
wherever you run into it, prejudice always obscures the truth.
you're funny.
you and tano are the guilty ones!
then i became a mistress of a speculator
you're lost.
and loneliness.
why can i not kill god within me?
what's worrying you, charlie?
mother what's wrong?
in fact, if joe doesn't shown up by morning,
your jealousy is morbid, unbearable.
then you were playing the fool again.
but as soon as i got away from my mother i realized how wonderful life really was.
but i can't deny that prediction.
 what kind of a burn is he?
but he was so stubborn.
but we're facing a crisis.
but this is bad time.
why, look, johnny, it was only a joke.
you what?
you never sick.
what are you tryin' to distort?
you're making him very unhappy.
how can we greet this attack?
 0h, really?
you've got to gamble honestly!
you will stop this terrible thing.
 i blame the parents, really.
but i'm too upset to decide in this moment
why, you prowlin' old rascal.
 uh, joseph this morning just before recess we were talking about lying and telling the truth.
you spawn of the gutter.
you know, i told her she was making a mistake asking for trouble.
then who's going to lead?
and what if i refuse?
what if it had been murder?
you're with me till i die.
then why'd you come back?
what do i have to die for?
but the priest says it is better to die clean than to live for hell.
what we have witnessed in an insult to all polish railway men!
you mean you hated being a spy?
you'll be shot by desperadoes, lost in the mountains or scalped by indians.
what are you trying to do, sound the alarm?
you're scared.
but why are you mad at me?
 why do you say bad words to me?
you are funny.
and you won't cry?
but what are you gonna do, john?
what's wrong with you?
how about you stubborn girl?
your fingernails are filthy.
he who refuses to take the oath he dies.
why doesn't anybody want to tell me what is wrong with me?
in fact, the only weakness is the floor.
your shame is their dishonor.
so what are you gonna do?
how rude, who does he think he is?
and for miles around, cowboys came upon one dead steer after another.
what is all this commotion about?
 lets' get to the point.
honestly, it'll only take a second.
and you're telling me a lie!
and you'd spoil the party.
what a whine!
volka is telling the truth.
don't worry, dear it really doesn't matter
but why have you not arrested
why are you scared?
you lose the taste.
you've got to say something so he knows that i have a man in here.
you go to rehearsals every day at four at no. 5 rue st etienne.
and if they try to, they'll find you dead.
you've gone mad.
you made me worry all night!
you scare and leave your land!
but people are so selfish.
and what did you tell him?
and you have been living as the wife of the prisoner, leonard vole?
but how long was the last injection?
why does it bother you?
you really want me?
you frighten me.
but that place is forbidden by the law.
and this mornin' she wouldn't let her calf suck.
why didn't the bats die?
so what?
what if it had been murder?
if you look at some of the craters, they actually look very shallow, almost as though they're filled with this dust.
you're asking me to make an exception of kelly when i've refused these other men?
no, he really wanted to marry me.
you're slow.
what fat guy?
 what a pity.
mmm, really?
what treachery!
what am i all of a sudden, poison?
then i began to have pains.
"you mustn't beg my forgiveness.
you nearly frightened me to death.
you can't fool me.
 really?
 really?
what fat books.
actually, it's my fault.
you were the only one near him when he died.
you is surely arranged.
you don't sucker me into that.
what do you see besides a big, dumb guy?
then what?
you never fell?
what's wrong with that?
you look worn out.
you scared me.
and that if god meant us to fly, he would have made our bones as hollow as our heads.
"and there fell a great star from heaven
how stupid.
you got in some kind of trouble now you're going to make it worse.
you're tired.
you're the only one who hasn't been contaminated by this american.
what devil has gotten into you?
you slap, and i'ii use my finger.
at what time will this person deign to show up?
and why has peter wa henry chosen me?
and start trying to get a crush on a guy you actually know one time.
 what's wrong with you?
and why do we aéways keep the windows céosed?
you've got very dirty.
you're a funny man.
then there were some who just got tired of living.
and what's more, it's an incontestable fact.
 oh, really?
why not scare them?
and in arranging the marriage, you lied to the authorities?
to the point of full abandon?
 what's wrong?
what are you trying to distort
so you hate to go to sunday school
then why not cut this car into the supply train?
and am seized by disgust and fear.
and the fault is of this heart the size of a courtyard that i have!
and their children are bringing home poor grades.
what are you gonna do with all your loot?
 what about miss kyra?
 what actually happened is this.
and stop that noise up there!
why such a sad song on this occasion?
in fact
now really, ninotchka.
what can the enemy be plotting, with nary a torch?
then the mess is over
your shame is their dishonor.
but what?
your navy's in an awkward position.
and you make sure he don't fall off.
and it makes you turn traitor against friends and neighbours?
you say it was his brother who died.
you know, you look kind of skinny.
 what's my fault?
what sin did i commit, brother?
really sell that stiff as a man among men?
you're hurting a lot of people
she honestly thought she saw the boy kill his father.
but why did you bring a corpse into mexico?
you mean you were afraid you would.
your fingernails are filthy.
you shouldn't be afraid of girls.
 what takes you to contention, pat?
you lousy bunch of bleeding hearts.
your deads were stolen.
but stop bothering me now!
and i've one more fault.
but what shall we do?
and when shall i go to a prisoner of war camp?
so why don't we stop wasting our time here?
you hypocrite.
you're holding a suspect called shirakawa.
who cares if the new look has no bust?
you know, slaving wasn't illegal in those days.
you wish to report a crime?
what a sour face.
why you despised lincoln so much?
you'll overdo it.
but what for?
what kind of trouble, tommy?
you want to go there that bad, huh?
you and your dirty gang.
why, you thieving', little wretch!
or he could do the petty officer training in the army.
 it's not really me, is it, mr lumb?
and the crime will be yours for sure!
it does not matter to me that they insult to me, or me push, or they give me in the shinbone but now i have a race in my last averages.
you're lonesome's new tootsie, huh?
but it doesn't matter, really, it doesn't.
 oh, really?
and if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot on the spot.
the man here in essington, who called himself john anderson, was actually a fellow by the name of john louton.
what the hell inspired that outburst?
or is this the one you killed?
you disgust me.
but it is insane to try and escape.
but if they strike first?
you'd lie to save your sister from prison, wouldn't you?
but if he knew the knife could be identified, why did he leave it there in the first place?
you were getting over your broken heart.
 really?
you pay a penalty for thinking.
you all know he's guilty!
it is over now and i am tired.
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
is there really a town called riddle?
you filthy soldiers.
you know what i risk my life for?
and no paraffin test can determine whether or not the suspect has fired more than one shot.
in fact he's already back!
you killed claremont and you killed fayette or you had him killed.
you killed that girl.
that really is deep.
─ surely.
you're wasting your time, mike.
and she herself testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
your mechanic has spoiled you.
but i'm not antagonistic to him.
who among you will he strike first?
you picked him because he was a coward, didn't you?
the truth is, i just lost the bannister account.
you mean you really want them to build a bridge?
then why are you asking for food?
you're making a big mistake, you people.
but, miss
you are a doctor for people who are hurt?
tell the truth.
your husband will have to stand trial, i'm afraid.
you're crazy.
what are you really afraid of, miss webster?
you are tired.
really terrible.
you want to kill him?
and the strict master death bids them dance.
but how?
and who shall be favored with these delicious berries picked in the early morn by a lovely young woman?
why do we hunt in a place where there are dead trees
but the jury found out he confessed because he was scared to death.
then who would build your bridge?
 really!
and who's the one who calls me 'pa'?
but you've broken every law of your god.
you all hate me!
you're most kind but i wouldn't have time to read it.
but why does he do it?
you really did want to save those men, and you were not angling for mireau's command.
but i didn't kill mr. lutts.
you wanna spank him?
if only i could really rest, and escape from all my suffering.
so you knew he was violent.
wait a minute, jocko, what's the point of this?
you'll regret this.
you're drunk again.
you have a knife.
and neither was the mistress.
then why'd you kiss me back?
what are you scared of, pop?
you'll catch your death.
that's not the point.
and how do i explain that to the legal department?
that is the truth.
you know, the one you gis call pig alley.
you were hurt in that explosion.
she really is a ghost!
"you ain't killing a kid.
and exploitation.
you want the truth.
who the heck could?
your friends will be disappointed.
what is that noise up there?
what are you wasting everybody's time in here for?
and casts you, his most hated adversary, into danger.
and waste that case full of speech he's prepared?
when the navy learns the truth, they'll say:
what could be worse than that thing that attacked us?
you pay it for 50 years so your relations can get blind at your funeral.
but it hurts so.
what a fright one looked in those days.
 what's the trouble?
no memorized speeches, just the truth.
you might make a bad move.
you steal!
you know why, because your officers are lazy!
you know, there is so much noise.
you don't look so bad yourself.
you think he's lying?
its testimony is the truth, all truth and nothing else that the truth?
and more expensive!
how do you do, miss black?
you're not trying to fool me?
what was killed was a demon, not a child.
and if they don't figure that then they'll figure we'll take him over to contention put him on the 3:10 to yuma.
but this is bad time.
you're tired, dax.
and all that you wrote was the truth.
what actually happened is this.
and did you subsequently test the blood of the dead woman?
and each of us was given a small spade to dig with.
what a brute!
and when you said that he had accidentally cut his wrist, again, you lied?
and that makes me so lonely.
you want so badly to be a bourgeois.
 tell old lonesome the truth.
your voice cracked.
or perhaps a juggler who can do the one impossible trick.
you're sick.
you've been hurt badly.
then i'll change the way i strut my stuff.
you guys would be taking an awful chance.
and he looks sad and says it is his fault.
but if i die, she'll be heartbroken.
 really?
but why ?
you don't ever have to be lonesome again, tammy.
actually, colonel,
what if he had nothing to do with claremont's killing?
'but, you see, if she'd fallen for royalty, 'a duke or an earl, 'even a prince, it wouldn't have been so bad.
but don't be stupid.
but what can i do?
you are not at all worried about your mother!
and suddenly i said i'd kill him instead.
you are blind.
but the atmosphere's becoming frigid.
what treachery!
you, you're just human scum.
but it's different when it really happens to you.
who's lurking?
and this is the joke
 what's wrong?
you strike your pose, and then
aren't we really just looking for an excuse?
you're burning my nose.
you said that since you'd known me, you'd been afraid of being a lonely old woman teaching dancing.
you don't have to be scared.
you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
you hear the rumbling?
 what's the point of it all?
what hypocrites you are in this country.
you're hurting me!
but what about my old age?
it's really true.
then you know that refusing to make a statement gives the police the impression that you've got something to conceal.
we just had a little talk and he flew back to texas and i went on to the point.
you're making a big mistake, you people.
you ever tried to break up a game of red rover?
..the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
and your fingers ache
you have tricked me!
what if it had been murder?
but he said many strange words.
so you came after all, miss agda.
but i'm a little tired.
now we are really in a lot of trouble.
and yet under what pretext can i commit high treason?
but we must refuse thy kind offer.
that is the truth!
and you call, and it's a wrong number!
what's wrong?
you wouldn't wear it if you just broke up for nothing.
you might have thought me annoying, out of line.
why are you torturing me again?
you don't really mean you'll kill me, do you?
but that's impossible!
you're making things difficult.
who among you will he strike first?
but drinkers beware.
you're burning my nose.
so what?
you scared?
you know there's nothing really secret around headquarters.
why don't you get angry at him?
you're insane!
really, mother?
what's wrong with you?
and lived like a doll who lost its soul.
you're not to worry about that one bit.
and i kill it.
why do people drink when it feels so awful the morning after?
but how'd you get the idea the idea of doing this job?
you're making me nervous.
you stupid fool.
what the heck, dear, i didn't say he was.
you're not gonna intimidate me.
and if he makes the sick men work,
and when they dump her, she's liable to be very cold.
surely there must have been other men inside too.
you're drunk.
what's the percentage in singing' for a bunch of cons?
but make it easier for them to attack the yagyus.
you lousy bunch of bleeding hearts.
and so became unintentionally cruel.
then there were some who just got tired of living.
but simple bleeding wouldn't cause this.
then what did you do?
but if it makes you unhappy, stop it.
what's wrong now?
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
 what's wrong with you?
you are scared.
you look ridiculous!
you poor man.
so you're afraid a yankee might crash against you, huh?
tell the truth.
look how dark it's gettin' out there.
you don't know how uppity he's gonna be killing one of the happiest men he ever seen.
you've suffered so much.
you have only one flaw, the way you've begun to suddenly shoot out of control.
why doesn't the biggest break yet?
but playing a decoy like that was awfully dangerous.
you're an odd sort, you know?
you must be very tired by now.
but also by wasting valuable property which belongs to the people's republic.
and what about hearing the kid yell?
what's wrong, lon?
what's wrong?
and i*ll have to say he*ll never get over to my audience.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
actually i have much more forged greenbacks
what do you lack?
but why do i need help?
you'll kill him!
then what are you talkin' about?
you're a fool, hamish.
but when these dangerous elements are combined,
and if you're so worried about the money
but who else will?
you're worrying me.
but every night the wretched souls call me to aid them.
what's got you so down in the dumps?
you see, the connection on that old heater was always coming loose.
so what?
why do i have to die, father?
what nonsense is that you've painted?
 really?
yes, but why?
and make myself a liar in his eyes?
how dull it would be if it weren't.
what's wrong?
you're really photogenic.
you mustn't scare me —
you all know he's guilty!
she was, actually.
you know, if you were on a desert island with that guy and there was nothing there but rocks pretty soon he'd have all the rocks moved to his side of the beach.
why do you have to go upstairs to fix the leak in the basement?
 what, you got a cold?
surely he knows.
you cheated!
you could easily get hurt.
and who will pack your tails?
then you got nothing to worry about.
and the real charles courtney lives beneath that cover, impervious, untouched and unmoved.
you almost killed takeda.
and he only wants to kiss in the dark, and he talks about sin.
but logic the reality of the seeable and the touchable that's what convinces me fiinally.
you're drunk.
but very difficult to follow.
 who's a punk?
you smell!
oh, really?
 really, father?
why do i have to die, father?
you ran up debt.
what's the matter, anna, you dumb?
and i hung his portrait over my bed in memory of him.
you said yourself that he was afraid, but he continued to fly.
you killed emily french!
you know i'm stuck on her.
you see, somebody might pass a remark about it and then there would be trouble.
and why do you keep your antique?
and the dust.
you moron!
then why did you infer it belonged to marv adams?
you made me worry all night!
who gathered the wild strawberries for me?
you are afraid of them.
you really did want to save those men and you were not angling for mireau's command.
why did he commit suicide?
what's wrong?
actually, this is a new experience for me.
you want to forgive her but you're embarrassed to admit it.
how about this controversy over atomic energy?
and then he hung rafe sanders to a pole like a side of beef.
you interfere too much.
what nonsense is that you've painted?
surely they won't execute a man in that condition.
but we're facing a crisis.
you're making it worse, it doesn't help.
so young to die.
just who the hell are you to okayo?
what fatal disease ?
what a pity, miss.
why don't you ever get stinking drunk?
then what do you want?
in fact!
you need rest badly.
you're not so solemn now.
so long as they have that idea, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
how come you missed out?
you grab the murderer and take him to the police!
you gave me a very bad impression of her
you're wrong.
but he doesn't mean a word he says because he's cold as ice.
then a more severe earthquake widened the fissure, allowing these creatures to escape into the sea.
what would the symptoms be?
and no cracks.
oh what a mess!
and i smoke a pipe.
you won't regret this, bohun.
what are you mad at me for?
but bad luck came later
you gave me these the first day of the uprising.
and all because of some filthy skirt!
in the first place, no one has actually ever defined the personality as a psychopathological
and then, stupid?
one bad night and you'll be out.
what are you wasting everybody's time in here for?
you make me sick.
not really an accountant, sir.
 what's wrong with you then?
then i paint something funny.
and what if he really is there ?
 now, was that really necessary?
this guy here is really somethin'.
then why didn't you?
you look worried.
but how will i ever get to be a fullfledged medium if i can't contact the spirit world?
your voice cracked.
you blame yourself too much, connie.
you must need money awful bad to do this.
you will ruin me.
but every joke's gotta have a payoff, mr. halloran.
you say that ain't no joke?
or am i going mad?
you are funny.
how silly to write a song for a deaf old man.
you no sick.
why are you lying?
but why not, general?
what are you worried about?
 really, father?
you look bad, jacek.
what a fright one looked in those days.
what you trying to do, kill him?
 really?
yeah but you can't prosecute me.
so you came after all, miss agda.
who else could help you beat the bleeding south?
why must you steal?
and i am rushing to the wreck site of arctic with the speed of a plane.
but georges hasn't refused.
what's wrong with me today?
and what was the answer?
anyone who has a home to go to must return before dark.
but what would happen to our children?
but if anyone votes not guilty, we stay here and talk it out.
why do i have to die?
you are not afraid?
but his attempt to murder three innocent men to protect his own reputation will be prevented by the general staff.
you are a liar.
but stop bothering me now!
who the heck could?
but why?
and how's daisy?
you agree that the point and the cutting edge are razorsharp?
then there's demoralization and chaos.
what a drag!
you make me sick with your heroics.
you see, i've lost my situation.
now what do you figure you're gonna die for?
you get stuck in.
– and that's death there?
you see, you're not the only one who's got troubles.
you've ruined my career.
and we'll be watching, never fear.
why did you have to kill him?
how to die by the rules.
you agree that the point and the cutting edge are razorsharp?
 the truth!
you screwy or something?
you dirty vitellone!
but he also hates you.
the truth is my daughter did bring her troubles home.
and what about mary?
you won't be disappointed, yardmaster!
you wouldn't be lonely and you would be something special.
you're a selfish old man, uncle isak.
but most people are afraid of being caught.
what a disappointment!
not without knowing the truth.
then at least send kanzo with incense money
your father's marriage is trouble for me and you
who killed pyotr?
actually, i raised that very point with colonel what's his name ?
you have to watch your temper in the palace
why, you prowling' old rascal.
he is a skilful tactician but i have not yet lost one piece.
what are they afraid of?
that's the truth.
you're worthless.
you've lost your poker face.
what are you afraid of?
you really want to go?
you want to take my head to surrender.
why should he be put through all this torture?
and how can a man go on without his head?
what kind of a sucker play is this?
surely that mr. broganmoore he will adduce that in the court.
and i did not complain of anything having fallen in my eye.
she wasn't wrong, we'll sell it and then we'll go to the city.
but finds instead another prickly problem.
 why poor?
and the rigid forefinger.
and the pathway of the pain?
what a fright one looked in those days.
then the hostilities began
so help me if anything is wrong with her because of this!
your concern over my health touches me deeply.
you're definitely not disappointed.
what's wrong, dad?
what's the point?
why would anyone want to kill him?
so, it is his word, the word of a german officer and fellow prisoner, against yours, an enemy interrogator.
what about the switch knife they found in the old man's chest?
see what you made here, you drunk idiot.
but burning inside, adding its own hideous pressure to everything else, was my desperate need for her.
 he has to fight or i can't kill him.
it's really sad, although he wanted it himself, poor thing.
that"s why he"s so dangerous.
but don't make any noise.
and what propaganda!
what's wrong with that?
you liar!
but didn't you say a day's rough shooting?
and what solution do you propose?
you lied in the witness box, and you're lying now!
you should worry about the living.
and how do i explain that to the legal department?
you've come to the wrong place, sir.
you kill this man and the soldiers will come anyway and you don't want that!
and i did not complain of anything having fallen in my eye.
but what is it actually?
and the atomic bomb!
you know i oppose him.
you've lost it.
besides, you're an unusually insufferable young man who thinks he's really something.
and they've got you goin ' berserk for him
what a pity!
and the evil gods will come down to kill,
you're wrong!
you hate a lot of things, don't you?
and every day i became more tyrannical, more monstrous in my domination of louise.
your sunny, funny face
what's wrong?
what kind of a sucker play is this?
then we can unload every plot in the park.
and casts you, his most hated adversary, into danger.
you always take me to such unusual places.
 oh, really?
but nothing do i regret.
and stimulate her natural adaptive power to unbelievable degree.
you are a waste of time for sure!
but isn't it strange that the hypnotist chose the name oscar?
but we're facing a crisis.
she was, actually.
you've got to say something so he knows that i have a man in here.
you must have your troubles, but
 really?
what's the point of having witnesses at all?
or maybe a juggler who accomplishes the only impossible trick.
what does that have to do with clare's death?
 really.
what happened was not the fault of the sergeant.
why do you lie?
or take the chance of losing you forever
you killed emily french!
that really is deep.
 it's really a natural, mr la salle.
how's my severest critic?
this tony malfi, he got a scholarship to college played football for notre dame but halfway through the soup anna got a headache.
now suppose you were up in this airplane all alone and you stalled it and you fell into a spin.
so who's he?
yeah, but how far and how fast?
and what happens then?
you cold over there?
but what are you wasting our time for?
just who the hell are you to okayo?
and what about this business of the el?
what's wrong?
you're hopeless.
you writing that rocky mountain crash?
really first rate.
your rationalism is as dry as dust.
but you can't go on tormenting yourself for your mistakes.
and emptiness is a mirror turned to my own face.
you silly man.
what the devil's he talking about?
and who can say, if you are more a victim of some kind of spell, than a true friend for him?
what's wrong with you?
why do you break pots?
so we don't kill tommy.
but it's been a nervous morning.
honestly, he threw out his own wife because of that teacher.
so what?
what's terrible?
but you're ugly!
you want me to say it stinks?
you're close without any shame.
you lied, did you not?
but it's a young lady, madam, a miss english.
you nasty boy, you.
(treherne) oh, really, ernest.
why are you threatening me?
so funny.
but, will all the head japs really be meeting there?
# and that's the truth about mother goose
lalage, really!
you know, they heard about the fallout from the sailors on the boats that trade with the islands.
you keep walking on that foot, you'll bleed to death.
your point of view is distorted.
and let me tell you, they don't need any real big reason to kill someone either.
and how will i get rid of both of them?
you killed whom?
you couldn't be more wrong.
then it turned out to be a vice presidency.
you liar.
then what?
why you always play sick, shears?
you're only a criminal!
you shouldn't get so scared.
you deluded little coquette.
you don't suppose he'd be taking the stiff with him for company?
but i haven't been much of a provider, i'm afraid.
you went away and every day was misery
you just sentenced a man to die.
you're insane.
you once referred to me as a gentleman so naturally i followed my own inclinations on that question.
and unexpected.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
so, let's say old men are paralyzed or can't move.
what torments does the vampire inflict on his victims?"
how about putting us on the sick list?
you'll pay for this damage, both of you.
people who are actually losing their minds rarely find anything extraordinary about the hearing of voices.
you coward!
you can have it cheap.
 really?
what is all this noise about?
what are you wasting everybody's time for?
you jerk.
or this business about the knife.
why one branch, give me an axe and i'll destroy that tree!
"and the drinks help to drown their doubts.
i never once had any regrets about going to the point.
you even get drunk from coke for god's sake.
you know why, because your officers are lazy!
you accuse me of doubting too deeply.
you are aware, lady wren, are you not, that if certain statements made in your book are faése or miséeading then ìadam ducros has been most crueééy éibeéed for which she can justéy céaim damages.
what have we got to lose?
but it wants more than that, really.
you're afraid to spend that.
you scoundrel!
you look exhausted, too.
you've turned pale.
and don't come back, i'm tired.
and the governor had stopped for an unscheduled meeting with the state engineer and the state disaster director.
you can't refute facts.
but to us, it is still a mystery, hence the name:
your troops refused to attack.
you were so irritating!
so, now i'm getting my own back on that beastly dennis.
 what did the prisoner say?
but how will i distinguish between the friends and the enemies?
and you weren't under an emotional stress, were you?
you know the fire at the newspaper stall is not done by me
then the criminal would know what we're doing, too, wouldn't he?
you're tired.
what's the point of having witnesses at all?
and how's your father these days?
you're hopeless.
you mean it's afraid of electricity.
and if we die, we die without god.
you're not so solemn now.
but i didn't destroy the letter
so if you come on cold
isn't it the truth?
you're hurting a lot of people
but this little punk is getting greedy.
you'll neutralize the alarm.
what was that noise?
you slap, and i slap, too.
so now allison's taking out all of his hate on one man?
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
you want revenge?
but most people are afraid of being caught.
he really is.
and when it gets too bad he
you make me feel ashamed.
you're making things difficult.
 really?
you look ridiculous!
 really?
you think he lied to me?
and who's this janek?
but you are bastards.
"and death's the marketplace where each one meets."
so what?
what the heck am i doing ?
but he was too tired
in fact, it's a present.
you're wasting your time.
then when i got under there, a strange thing happened.
you lousy loser!
and unexpected.
so what happened?
let's see how sick you really are.
you think the man's an idiot or something?
in fact they did not discharge the from the hospital to him, they know,they expelled it.
and me, i'm really set to go with you?
your navy's in an awkward position.
and if aéé goes weéé, we'éé be much more rotten than we ever dreamed.
but you're ugly!
and it became utterly, utterly quiet everywhere.
yeah, so what?
and if she is no more, everything will be meaningless.
it is over now and i am tired.
what's wrong with her?
and were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
you hold in your hands the power of life and death.
why you always play sick, shears?
 how terrible.
but really doing it, that's another story.
you know, it's funny not being able to get together with him.
but who is he?
how can we greet this attack?
you, a killer!
you really mean business, don't you?
you've got the difficult job
but, no, it won't come to that, for they will surely be impressed by your answers.
and now i really do have to go.
oh really?
that is the truth, before god?
 how about releasing miss denbow?
and who killed our last great lord?
the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
and why do you keep your antique?
but this would be a violation of all my principles.
you're lonesome's new tootsie, huh?
then the nightmare is coming.
you heard mrs french and the prisoner discussing her new will?
you are mad.
and its foodstuffs, bread and other perishables remain unharmed in nature's great deep freeze.
and nothing too wrong with this dead reckoning navigation, except maybe the name.
how awful he must feel.
you mean you really want that thieving', old yeller dog?
and how do you know?
after the tourist season it's really dull.
what a pain!
then why did you go to see cargill's wife?
you're lying to the smith.
 what's wrong?
your face is dirty.
listen, when these fellows don't ask questions, it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
but it is insane to try and escape.
what a crazy business we're in.
you say you cut yourself with a knife?
and then, i'll die of shame.
 they want anything but the truth.
 [ferol] really, father?
you want me to say it stinks?
then why was the old man still here?
what are you trying to do, break down the door?
what a drag!
but why did she send me a piano?
you know, you've got a nasty habit.
your jealousy is morbid, unbearable.
but my best is really this eggbeater.
you gave me these the first day of the uprising.
 really?
what need for the advice of cowards, who quake and pale under fire?
but it is insane to try and escape.
you're just in time for a little indian attack.
why don't you let me bunk out here?
but this would be a violation of all my principles.
how dare you speak to an officer in that disrespectful manner.
but you're ugly!
who put a broken pedestal here?
and who revealed this to you, hobart?
you are so naive!
why can i not kill off this god within me?
you nervous or something?
you almost break his head.
you really love me?
those who look like gentlemen are in fact villains
but unlawful assembly is against the law
really drew a crowd.
but why does she drink?
so everything you said tonight was a lie, eh?
so why is it my fauét?
so what?
and karswell says dr. holden will die tomorrow night.
and who's to say that the truth is always good?
during the first week, her behavior was excellent and there was nothing uneven about it but dr. luther still could not decide when, or even if, to confront her with the knowledge of the personality that she had suppressed.
and what if they transferred you?
but what?
your view is even worse, is not it?
what's wrong now?
in fact
but isn't it strange that the hypnotist chose the name oscar?
why should he lie?
how's my severest critic?
what's wrong?
you're upset.
you're such a stupid animal.
 it's nothing, really.
so pity, it's so weak.
who the heck is oscar?
not all the women playing prostitutes were actually prostitutes.
and i scream at him that he's mad
what are they afraid of?
you slap me twice.
how old are you really, uncle isak?
but what shall we do?
why not tell him your troubles?
so cameron helps his wife out of a jam.
what's wrong?
and how you were.
then we come back to him and complain.
was it really, dorothy?
you should have warned me.
and it's not my fault your mother still hasn't given over your dowry!
but what about my old age?
you don't really.
but detraction pursues the great
you really take very long!
you must be concerned about her life.
you're gonna break into where?
you tease girls?
but that they were lost completely and forever,
how ridiculous.
you're sick.
your honour, this is obviously a hostile witness.
why paint such nonsense?
your loss!
so you're mad at the world, huh?
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
you know she feels lonely after losing her son last year.
and what should a young man do in this town?
or do i look dangerous?
you are deliberately distracting my partner.
one who'll send her off begging.
but i'm not that naive.
what makes me sick inside is that they were so close, so very close.
what's wrong?
who the heck could?
what's wrong with haskins?
you have destroyed them and tried to destroy me.
but i have heard of a small traveling circus somewhere in the provinces which has a strange clown in its company.
but why me?
you were five kilometers away from where the bomb fell.
but we are not going to die.
they don't know what the truth is!
because people actually decrease in height during the day.
but, you see, trouts is very nervous.
and he walked very slowly to the stand.
you no sick.
and what a beat.
your heroics make me sick.
then how does it happen that you remember meeting me?
how rough does it usually get?
in fact, i've been worried about it myself.
he's really something, isn't he?
your wife's kind of tired.
and tell him the driver was killed.
so why did you try to escape via his lock?
you know, that sasabe creek country is wild.
you know the real reason why he tried to kill you.
but suddenly i knew they were really the two ends of the same concept.
your shame is their dishonour.
tell them the truth, that tano and maranka gave him the evil medicine that killed him!
what's wrong?
what's that, your cut of the fargo job or the mail train massacre?
you're breaking a lot of hearts.
you underestimate me, there were several.
who the hell are you?
 really
you're trying to confuse me.
why don't you just go away so we can stop torturing each other?
and what he do?
the truth is, i just lost the bannister account.
now are you trying to tell me that this knife really fell through a hole in the boy's pocket someone picked it up off the street, went to the boy's house and stabbed his father with it just to test its sharpness?
oh, no, not really!
what's the point of the bare truth?
you have not killed a policeman.
 it's the truth.
and why did you wear that color?
but simple bleeding wouldn't cause this.
what i don't understand is, how a guy falls for a nurse in the first place.
and kill tang.
you're stubborn and a bad payer.
you can't blame me for feeling amorous
why do i have to die, father?
what's that nonsense about pneumonia?
you're lying to the smith.
why, it'll be coming in here in contention before long.
your reluctance is increasing my sorrows
you're dead!
but why don't you wait until he comes back?
you're worried about what happened today about where the creature is tonight, aren't you?
and that is the truth?
you're killing your mother.
you traitor!
really first rate.
you know why, because your officers are lazy!
what's so funny?
then who was it?
what's wrong, for god's sake?
but i won't be any trouble after this one minute.
how dare you, you freak!
you'd be bound to misunderstand.
you ask yourself what the sum total of your life represents what difference your being there at any time made to anything or if it made any difference at all, really.
you're going to die for sure, if you go out there.
you can always punch her in the nose.
how dare you try to mix me up with your blather!
you see, i hate to intrude.
but my best is really this eggbeater.
and it kills me.
 he has to fight or i can't kill him.
how expensive had she looked!
you wanted him dead!
why burn her at night when people need diversion?
you've been afraid of wolves, huh?
and what's this?
you're the shock absorber for collisions with exwives and models and new wives and assorted tramps.
then i gotta confess
you seem to find time to flirt with the local students.
how did he force you to go to the point?
you're his wife, you be afraid.
but who said anything about lagny?
what's wrong with that thing?
then the criminal would know what we're doing, too, wouldn't he?
you're so afraid.
how did they kill him?
why, the old rogue.
what a scare!
 really?
you suspect sam because of the monster.
really, father?
you're drunk.
and i can scream real loud.
you say these changes are not unusual?
but only if the human element makes the mistake first.
you know that a second disturbance
and i am worthless
you think somebody else did the stabbing with exactly the same kind of knife?
you on the loose?
what's the matter, nervous?
then the sweetness turns sour.
and the second angel sounded his trumpet and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea.
you don't have to worry.
when a man or woman walks out alone these days, does nothing less than take his life in his hands, and that's the truth.
you know, slaving wasn't illegal in those days.
but what i lost would never come back
then how come they hunt uboats with three destroyers workin' together up in the north atlantic?
it doesn't really make any difference.
your shame is their dishonour.
you're the father of the dead baby in question?
and anders tried to twist viktor's arm, and viktor said that was a lousy argument for god's existence.
but isn't it strange that the hypnotist chose the name oscar?
isn't it the truth?
what the hell?
what are you gonna do with all your loot?
surely he knows.
but it is insane to try and escape.
but do you not also blame the man who put it there?
you didn't see him die.
and that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
you must be, um  yeah, you must be very tired by now, dan.
and who's gonna feed you now?
it's completely waterproof and actually plastic.
and i'll die a reb, even if the north considers lee's surrender the death of the south.
and believe it or not, rocky, you'll miss it when it ends.
you know you can't interrupt in the middle of a sequence.
why must you die?
but who else will?
your navy's in an awkward position.
you couldn't buy him for a thousand a week, so stop wasting your time.
you may have overlooked the fact that the use of officers for labour is expressly forbidden by the geneva convention.
what's the trouble, cleva?
you're in bad shape, kyle.
but, it might damage the tatami mat?
your navy's in an awkward position.
you look terrible!
what actually happened is this.
and now, miss linda bruce from ganderstown.
you should drop dead!
so what?
you're losing it.
you know how hard it is for me to hide the truth
and if he only knew how much worry he causes us.
you idiot!
you're jumping to the wrong conclusions, altogether.
you still hate me for that, don't you?
you cannot blame the behavior of young people or old people on music.
you're a fool!
you won't refuse, you're not that kind of a coward.
what's wrong?
you'd be bound to misunderstand.
yes, really.
you're lying to the smith.
and what did you do all through the trial?
what's wrong?
you're beginning to scare me.
you mean it's a conspiracy, sir?
and is it not true, mr. crinston, that then you realised the police were on the other end of an open wire, and to cover up mr. norton's statement about a crime, you picked up the phone, pretended to be norton and said:
so candid, he's already told me we'll have to sue him for our fees.
and what did it get him?
you're making me nervous.
how are you feeling, miss mckay?
your stew stinks, what's it for?
then how do you know it's so terrible?
what's wrong?
you must share the blame, since on the strength of your report
but it hurts so.
but i don't bother with the others.
there's an enemy post three miles away so we'll have to sleep in the jungle.
and you don't really approve of me.
how drunk are you?
when one was once so close to becoming the empress of austria, it is not really difficult to understand.
what went wrong?
you'll never convince me she was hired just to dust the furniture.
and the twins, who know everything, they say you've been doing bad things with the berglund girl.
you know, give tokyo the dope on which way the wind's blowing if it's raining.
but we are not going to die.
well, not strange, really.
so we're in trouble.
so dancing is a waste of time?
besides, you're an unusually insufferable young man who thinks he's really something.
(sighs) it's really most awkward, we're shortstaffed as it is.
ok, let's get to the point.
but what?
but who are you?
you scut, you let her die and i'll buckbatter you.
you've been through a terrible ordeal.
ok, let's get to the point.
but what's wrong, diana?
 what's wrong?
you're accused of quitting your rifle while on guard duty and of being disrespectful to an officer.
so what?
you're a coward!
who the heck could?
you mean you were afraid you would.
oh, it's really very simple.
and what is it you wish to sell me today at an exorbitant rate, i'm certain ?
what's the trouble?
you are deliberately distracting my partner.
you're lying.
what are you scared of, pop?
 really?
and what was the answer?
you tell me in funereal tones that you must talk to me, and then you find it hard to begin.
your brother's losing too much blood.
 why, you prowling' old rascal.
your fiances wasted again?
and how long do you intend to stay in tijuana?
but i haven't been much of a provider, i'm afraid.
kill him really properly.
and way up on top, like all the poor people in paris   closer to god  is where he lives.
you just want to see me in those nasty shorts.
you're still upset.
you mean insane?
why did he commit suicide?
you looked death in the face, went to meet it yourself.
you can check it a hundred times, but if it wants to get stuck, it will.
and lost too.
not really an accountant.
what about the switch knife they found in the old man's chest?
you didn't even give me a headache.
what are you afraid of?
 why, what's terrible?
but what did i do?
but what new rouckus is this!
now are you trying to tell me that this knife really fell through a hole in the boy's pocket someone picked it up off the street, went to the boy's house and stabbed his father with it just to test its sharpness?
your roommate was killed tonight.
you've got a real twisted mind, haven't you?
you're gonna be dead inside of a year.
he really wants to get killed.
but we're in for a lot of trouble.
how dare you try to mix me up with your blather!
so it's fat cheung
you are killing me!
you fool!
you pig!
you'll never break him with mumbo jumbo.
what's wrong now?
you all know he's guilty!
and evald is growing just as lonely, cold and dead.
 really?
in fact, they're hiring a few more girls.
sometimes the truth can be mighty painful.
but he doesn't really care about anything because he's so cold.
what an awful bloodstain.
then i must say that at daybreak, i intend to use all means at my disposal to destroy that creature before it kills someone.
you can't refute facts.
you forget your own shortcomings.
but what happened to their bodies, karl?
you failed!
and i kill him over and over and over
you've got a real big hate for the law, haven't you?
what are you tryin' to distort?
your license to plunder the poor.
you kill your wife and you get 30 years.
you've no grounds for suspicion.
what if it had been murder?
but my wife has been dead for years!
you forestalled me, silly one.
you were plenty scared!
but if i get too lonely, hank, i can always talk to my stock.
that isn't really a christmas present.
and why not?
then what?
you funny man, shears.
what's wrong?
but who knows
then why do you go?
you lie out of habit.
you shoot to kill.
but why didn't you report the argument on the locomotive?
but it is the live ones we have to worry about.
and don't you be a jerk.
so that he has to be ashamed to show some concern for his fellow man?
what's so funny?
you are spoiled.
what's wrong?
so cold
but in my case it had to be a bizarre end.
what happened to marge in last week's i confess?
i'll really break his head!
and what exactly was strange about him?
"and there fell a great star from heaven
and under that name, she met, fell in love with, and married a man.
what a joke.
your troops refused to attack.
you don't really mean you'll kill me, do you?
look how dark it's getting out there.
 oh, really?
you can kill me too.
your interest in it is morbid!
"and the third angel sounded his trumpet and there fell a great star from heaven burning as if it were a lamp.
you had your chance to kill tate.
but among them, unhappily, came the names of those who were gone forever.
but there's no time to lose.
 let the public see what a fraud he really is.
what's wrong?
you would die.
and you, miss
it's funny really.
what's wrong with you?
and who?
but his attempt to murder three innocent men to protect his own reputation will be prevented by the general staff.
and that his hypocrisy makes me sick.
you are wrong!
you tell him if i ever come down, it'll be to go to the slave quarters.
and that dress is terrible.
what a scare!
you're a slave, aren't you?
you know why, because your officers are lazy!
you forbid me nothing!
you know it's not "kelly" really.
what a nauseating prospect.
one, the evidence given by the woman across the street, who actually saw the murder committed.
you're wasting your time, mike.
how do i know this just isn't a trick?
supposing you talk us all out of this, and, uh, the kid really did knife his father.
you were angry here.
and 'devil of a boy' to boot!
you're a worried old man who's soon going to die, but i have all my life before me.
what's wrong?
but i'm scared.
then it turned out to be a vice presidency.
what about to bring him in the trap?
and the twins say that you're mad about girls.
you no sick.
you approached it with your chest stuck out.
but i'm scared, i'm scared.
but when will these crazy americans grow up?
but when she saw this kid killing his father, she was in the house alone.
but isn't it strange that the hypnotist chose the name oscar?
you don't really love me.
you're breaking the chief's taboo by coming here, isn't that true?
you know, you've got a nasty habit.
but he doesn't mean a word he says because he's cold as ice.
you'll have trouble making that next corner.
you're too harsh.
and how is the facing page?
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
you must admit that this doomed oéd civiéization of ours sparkées.
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty on the surface.
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
and i realize what a shame that is.
what kind of a sucker play is this?
you know, the navy boys really fixed this place up.
you're a selfish old man, uncle isak.
 what was the date of the murder?
 what's this farce?
you upset me!
then i got awful sick of him, way down deep inside.
and what happened to them?
actually want to live.
your devilish face.
what a pity.
you get out on the point and watch her splatter.
or because it would have meant bullying and badgering a helpless old man.
lies trump the truth every time.
you can have it cheap.
but it was a certain thing he was dead.
you're crazy, desi.
and you smoke.
your interest in it is morbid!
what's the matter, water scare you?
but very gloomy.
but what are you wasting our time for?
and don't you worry, mrs. mckay.
and who shall be favored with these delicious berries picked in the early morn by a lovely young woman?
then i gotta confess
so what then, you saw all three?
but we're facing a crisis.
you'll get tired.
now, is there really a town called riddle?
 the truth.
you were getting over your broken heart.
you can't defy me.
you sick?
but how do we get it to the police station ?
what the hell did he want?
then head dead south through the brush country about a halfday's ride from here.
and her cheeks were all swollen, and her eye
and you must confess, you haven't given me very much to turn in so far.
how can we differentiate between the powers of darkness and the powers of the mind?
then why do you say it's a great mistake to exchange him?
your son got blind drunk, fell down a flight of stairs and passed out on the quadrangle.
so cameron helps his wife out of a jam.
why don't they put them to death?
you can tell lonesome rhodes for me
but how can é be in troubée aéready?
how can a seventon 42ft cannon slip through your fingers and leave no rust?
you crazy or something?
then we´ll sell the boat, and we´ll split the proceeds and go alone.
what are you making a big federal case out of a lousy stickup for?
then she come along, started seeing 'im on the sly.
she really was gonna kill herself if i hadn't stopped her.
and the only reason they've kept me around this long is because they thought they might've needed me in case something went wrong in contention.
but how will she wait?
what a waste!
you're asking me to make an exception of kelly when i've refused these other men?
you mean this wooden zombie's going to uproot itself from the earth?
you're a bad shot, mcgaffey,
you are dirt, just like me and i'm tired of hearing about that georgia plantation and all them lilywhite friends of yours.
what's wrong?
but the press will accuse you.
and so now dr luther had three inadequate personalities to complicate and confuse his search for one stable and complete woman, all of whom continued to live, so to speak, their own separate lives.
and if things start falling, cover up.
you keep strangling your gut, you'll get indigestion, then you'll get appendicitis, just when you're out in the backwoods somewhere and no doctor near, so they have to fly in a doctor from the nearest town.
how about putting us on sick list?
 what trick is that?
you never sick.
you'll see freaks and curiosities assembled from every part of the globe!
then a mouse comes slowly
this is not acted molière is really dying
see what a helpless mother can do for her children!
you'll hate it.
did he, in fact, return at 25 past 9?
why you always play sick, shears?
it doesn't really matter.
and it wouldn't harm you to take the garbage out and bury it.
or a juggler who does the one impossible trick.
you have been my enemy.
that's the truth.
what's wrong?
and the bashful porro would, of course, give in, but he never gets the chance.
what's wrong with that?
you won't have to worry about him, miss hathaway.
no, but it's possibe the boy lost his knife and somebody else stabbed his father with a similar knife.
and they don't need any real big reason to kill someone, either.
you shouldn't really wear pajamas.
listen, wyatt, the only thing i'm really scared of is dying in bed.
you're wrong.
why would they banish you?
then hurling abuse at a police officer, and giving a false name.
so what if a birju dies?
you're dying mister.
and how you were.
they really have it made.
who's a tramp?
and if you ain't satisfied, or if i get homesick for arkansas why, back i come, and nobody gets hurt.
so i asked him to look her up and keep her from being lonely.
in fact, a modern writer has said that inside every fat man a thin man is struggling to get out.
though said with a smile, such words really hurt, sisterinlaw.
you don't want to upset yourself, pete, it's bad for your nerves.
look what's lying on the seat.
your navy's in an awkward position.
but who else will?
but we have to hurry, otherwise we'll miss the boat.
how badly you're reading, natalia!
you're breaking a lot of hearts.
then life is a preposterous horror.
what's her problem?
you look uneasy.
you maniac!
what kind of trouble?
you see, when a man gets fired off the railroad, he has a little trouble finding a job.
you'll be the death of me!
but what of it
 what's wrong?
so i'm actually a learned chap.
she was, in fact, a case of what is called "multiple personality", something that all psychiatrists have read about and very few have ever seen.
but he did it out of pity for those beyond hope.
you're gonna blow a fuse.
then life is a preposterous horror.
you would die.
what's wrong?
she was, actually.
why did you let him destroy that plane?
you know i lose manners.
what is there to fear?
you what?
now are you trying to tell me that this knife really fell through a hole in the boy's pocket someone picked it up off the street, went to the boy's house and stabbed his father with it just to test its sharpness?
but buying that stock could prove very expensive.
and kill tang.
and the waves crash
why are you so concerned?
but won't that destroy his memory entirely?
you call a wrong number or the dial is not in service.
you wouldn't be lonely and you would be something special.
why, he'll tell you a human sacrifice is no worse than a traffic accident.
and them cranky husbands to get off to work.
and he only wants to kiss in the dark, and he talks about sin.
who was the attorney who agreed to leave the name of miss x out of the trial?
what do you lack the most?
you killed whom?
so you play chess with death?
your heroics make me sick.
you wouldn't wear it if you just broke up for nothing.
why, that's sure death.
you got a problem?
what a strange light.
you gave a loud cry!
you're nothing but a delusion and a snare.
what were sara and sigfrid doing in the wild strawberry patch?
or maybe a juggler who accomplishes the only impossible trick.
and suddenly i said i'd kill him instead.
you say yes, millie, and stop worrying.
what's wrong is wrong.
and cried desperately.
but i did kill him.
and if i fall i won't cry.
what are you wasting everybody's time for?
so you play chess with death?
so very ugly, and yet it seems so frightened.
well, so what?
you, fat?
what's wrong, lon?
you want to kill me?
you lose again.
you know, just show my bushy tail and then lose them and double back here.
 why not frighten them a bit?
and if you duck it or obstruct the police, you're going to have to face the consequences.
you don't get hurt, that way.
you have never lied to me eduardo.
how does champagne go with four roses scotch, martinis and bloody marys?
you lied to me.
how funny, you've never mentioned them.
but there's something verv strange about this.
you're in real trouble.
but suddenly i knew they were really the two ends of the same concept.
your what?
you scoundrel!
you'll have to kill me first.
that's why don't be foolish. why am i foolish?
or do i look dangerous?
really, george.
and as long as you're looking for something real, you're not lost.
or a juggler who does the one impossible trick.
what's wrong with that thing?
that's really deep. "death comes to us all".
what the hell is this?
what a pity poor jenkins has already been executed.
what makes me sick inside is that they were so close so very, very close.
you're a little liar.
you've ruined my appetite.
you are also accused of some minor but still serious offenses.
you want to see this boy die because you want it, not because of the facts.
but as for having us powerless, with nowhere to turn, that's something else again.
you find fault with my guitar, don diego?
but i got sick of watching the way they took my church over.
you refuse to take the world seriously.
you wouldn't happen to know an actor who can twist his body to look completely deformed, and then unwind before your very eyes?
what did he die for?
they're lushing it up and fighting all the time and if somebody gets killed, so somebody gets killed!
you're a worried old man who's soon going to die, but i have all my life before me.
what would be wrong with that if they did?
and i must follow where the truth leads me.
you're saying that more than half my men will be killed.
who was the idiot who invented this contraption?
so how come you vote not guilty?
but you've just sworn to tell the truth, and i'm sure you will, won't you?
what we have witnessed in an insult to all polish railway men!
and let the neighbors hate us if they must.
you felt cold, kid?
what time was that, miss fleming?
you really took advantage of me.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
 how did you lose lejeune?
you sick?
you're furious at tristan.
but the press will accuse you.
 let's get to the point.
so how about it?
you're nowhere near froze with all you've got in you already.
and are you aware, mrs. helm, that the penalty in this country for perjury is a heavy term of imprisonment?
you're forgetting, lieutenant, miss bagby is a client of mine.
you really wanna go to jacksonville with me?
you've killed him!
they've really clamped down.
then é'm sure monsieur pierre wiéé excuse us.
then why did you change your course?
you lost your sidekick.
who the heck could?
 how terrible.
 what did he die for?
you're hungry, poor thing, huh?
yes, honestly, yes.
you're lucky to be telling the truth.
how coarse he is.
you mean, sir, you want me to tell the boys bad things about you?
supposing he really did hear it?
but what?
you're a real mystery, aren't you, gramps?
and we are dying of curiosity.
yes, surely.
but lieutenant roget killed lejeune on that patrol and then blackmailed me into keeping quiet about it!
you will fail also.
you loathe me, don't you?
what will happen is somebody will get hurt bad.
 really?
yeah, but how far and how fast?
you didn't see him die.
who is afraid of courts?
how can an engine stand such torture?
and the carnival people were slowly arriving.
you stick to riding that leaky motorcycle.
how old are you really, uncle isak?
but what did you run from in the woods?
and it's all right with me, but to the other guys try to surrender just for once don't try to win.
why are you that hard working?
so why can't we also?
you're not gonna intimidate me.
 really?
despite what laura said, i'm going to tell him the truth.
what's the trouble, cleva?
and a weak to accept them.
you need rest badly.
what i wouldn't do for a smoke.
they got one in where it would do the most damage and we're going to lose the ship.
dad, quality's a good thing in woolen cloth but it's very dull on a big date.
"how do you do, miss shannon?"
and what if i die?
afraid what people might say?
then you'll die alone.
you heard mrs french and the prisoner discussing her new will?
you ask yourself what the sum total of your life represents what difference your being there at any time made to anything or if it made any difference at all, really.
you always say something bad about me.
did he, in fact, return at 25 past 9?
your heroics make me sick.
and you have been living as the wife of the prisoner, leonard vole?
not really.
you know, you disappoint me.
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
then, of course, he was killed.
why should he lie?
they've really clamped down.
you pay a penalty for thinking.
and he gives me a silly and impertinent answer: "why me?"
you're a fool to wring your own neck by swearing to the truth.
what's wrong?
you must be mad.
you were always afraid.
surely she doesn't wear them at home.
your reasoning is most complex.
how's princeton '28 and old eight for the stump?
fog really socks in, doesn't it?
and i must follow where the truth leads me.
and who will pack your tails?
 lf i don't stop shaking you won't see anything but a bad imitation of gilda gray doing a shimmy.
you loathe me, don't you?
and it was me, and blind, groping about for them,
that's beside the point.
what'd i do that was wrong?
"what nonsense are you talking, fool?"
and you needn't bother peeking through the keyhole.
so it's retreat?
you must be tired, so wait here.
you're not usually so slow in the uptake.
you still angry with me?
and evald is growing just as lonely, cold and dead.
you keep looking for magicians and knights, but only the ignorant and shameless come your way.
but we know that is their burden, martha.
you're crazy!
you're just afraid of losing him.
"you mustn't beg my forgiveness.
you'll ruin everything!
you won't save alec by killing me!
you're a mean, miserable, horrible young man.
you're not usually so slow in the uptake.
what burden?
oh, really.
you know your trouble, mr. chopin?
you ought to write for one of those kooky detective magazines.
and he heard the kid yell out, "i'm gonna kill ya."
but i never knew i could miss anything so much.
and why are you putting yourself out for them?
and what about this business of the el?
but the loss of blood has been great.
you'll hurt mr. meek's feelings.
but she couldn't have killed him.
actually, it's my fault.
 the truth.
and if i die?
and then you were sick?
you pistolwhip the innocent, same as the guilty.
and i hate, mama.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
you're lucky to be telling the truth.
your eyes have been getting worse, haven't they, john?
she had lost her hair due to chemotherapy so she looked awful, she said.
but he left us to die.
tell me the truth!
you drag me here every weekend
and he was killed.
 why didn't you attack singlehanded?
then what was it that we buried?
 why lie?
and he heard the kid yell out, "i'm gonna kill ya. "
you'll find i suddenly got a loss of memory.
you've lost it.
you're tired, dita.
your bomb killed them.
you fear that i bring the matter up.
it's not really the army.
then why didn't you do it?
you got mama all upset.
but, frankly, that's impossible.
but it couldn't be more than a miser's dram if indeed, ladies and gentlemen, that much.
oh, please, miss blair, really!
surely there must have been other men inside too.
what the devil are you doing here?
you wouldn't have done me any harm.
what's wrong with morg?
you're a funny man.
you killed her, ed.
why waste your time working me over?
you're very tired.
how could my brother die this way?
that's beside the point.
then how can he say the fatal bullet was fired from this gun?
you were getting over your broken heart.
and you get me all mixedup and all confused.
you are reflected in your own indifference.
and you're not going to dump me over the side.
and then when i went up to get her she cussed me out and said she never would come home.
what are you trying to do, break down the door?
you may have overlooked the fact that the use of officers for labour is expressly forbidden by the geneva convention.
and so these friends wanted to disturb me by letting me know.
and he looks sad and says it is his fault.
your wife is still sick?
then we'll steal one.
you might have thought me annoying, out of line.
you look so pale
what's wrong now?
what excuse couéd you have for doing that?
anyone who's ever used a switch knife wouldn't handle it any other way.
you are funny.
and who occupies it now?
saito and then there were some who just got tired of living.
and so became unintentionally cruel.
but how to prove my point.
how about putting us on sick list?
she was the one who actually saw the killing.
so the absence of fingerprints in a robbery
what kind of trick is this?
and the condemned man ate a hearty meal.
and how's your father these days?
or am i going mad?
and kill them all before we all die
you don't believe me, wretch?
fashion, that's all it is, really.
 some patients are really so inconsiderate.
who made him a vice president, cath, you?
but somehow minnie always puts me in the wrong.
why do people always torment themselves?
what's that rubbish there?
why does he live on in me in an humiliating way despite my wanting to evict him from my heart?
what's the matter, you paralyzed?
you'll never be lonely again.
so, i studied hard.
who could be funny, sweating it out in here?
why you always play sick, shears?
you really want to kiss me, don't you?
and the emptiness is a mirror turned toward my own face.
but i had a number of very sad experiences!
but what made it grow?
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
you've made a bad woman of me.
you're giving me a headache.
you're all wrong, john!
but a crime has been committed.
how that stumblebum fell for it!
and é say british enterprise isn't so bad either.
you still refuse to tell your name?
 what do you got, a cold?
♪ you can't get far without a rail road ♪
then life is just senseless horror.
he who refuses to take the oath he dies.
and two, the fact that she described the stabbing by saying she saw the boy raise his arm over his head and stab down into the father's chest.
but what matters is the patient's future
you scare me.
and then she hid her crime for fear of how we would react to her being assaulted by her stepfather.
and i can't hang onto nothing with my hands.
you'll try to finish me quick between the eyes or in the heart, and you'll miss.
and it is not possible that these numbers were to be used by an accomplice for purposes of extortion.
why are you afraid of me?
"but what comes next?
then his business went sour and he got sick.
what idiots
or ashamed?
how do you prove it untrue to the friends of lieutenant von werrer?
what if the coffin had a false bottom 
you're asking me to make an exception of kelly when i've refused these other men?
you cannot allow such vile insinuations against your character to go undenied.
but it might happen that some of the people here now will become intimidated by the difficult life of a state farmer and will
everything can end so quickly, what's the point?
you look upset.
what nonsense is that you've painted?
you fool!
you pig!
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
and what did each one of them do?
then what on earth is there to stop your marrying?
you're jumping to the wrong conclusions, altogether.
you ain't afraid of me.
but what ?
what idiots.
 actually
why, you noaccount, thieving' rascal!
but it will be worse.
you haven't wasted your time, nickie.
but why?
you're dead if you don't.
"and there fell a great star from heaven"
you can spew your poison on yourself.
you're afraid of me.
you ain't afraid of me.
and when you said that he had accidentally cut his wrist, again, you lied?
and now miss betty lou fleckum.
you carry your gun, butbut you say it's for snakes and deadly things, andand not for killing people.
you can't refute facts.
really ill.
but saito's cut their food rations and if he makes the sick men work.
or worse.
and i hear noises, as if i'm being pursued by an army.
what will happen is somebody will get hurt bad.
you want to get me drunk?
your brother came in here stinking drunk, spoiling for a fight.
why, you noaccount, thieving' rascal!
you must be a little disturbed.
but you're white and cold
but i've got to have time to sort things out and i can't do that while i'm diagnosing other people's troubles.
and exploitation.
and bewildered
and don't worry.
you're dead meat!
but why go into details about something fit to ornament a drawing room?
look here, inspector, i don't know the meaning of this but obviously the man's lying.
you've brought disaster on these poor people.
and the next thing, a thousand hysterical witnesses turn up all over the world swearing that martians are attacking us.
and whatever seemed impossible before, will become simple, normal.
 who's sick?
you are unworthy of command!
you know, they heard about the fallout from the sailors on the boats that trade with the islands.
you've got the wrong man.
you know, that sasabe creek country is wild.
but bhima got furious and made vows of destruction.
your looks are laughable
you don't want to kill me, do you?
what a pain.
but you don't even die of it, and usually it passes.
and what about alec graham's father?
so what are you gonna do?
but its implications are far more terrible
or a juggler who does the one impossible trick.
or, if it waited for a gold egg why to kill the hen before putting it?
and he's playing such a sad melody on top of everything.
who's a tramp?
but why would anyone want to kill that woman?
you're so annoying!
what's so funny?
you are a doctor for people who are hurt ?
you will stop this terrible thing.
what's all the commotion?
so, once upon a time there was an unusual fairy.
you're not going to die.
what's your squeal?
you're not usually so slow in the uptake.
you need to distract yourself.
we just had a little talk and he flew back to texas and i went on to the point.
so proud they could speak, they had to be cruel.
you are unworthy of command!
what a bad boy you are!
you have a peculiar sense of medical ethics
besides, you're an unusually insufferable young man who thinks he's really something.
you're drunk, tommaso.
 that's beside the point.
you act as if you want to get killed.
you'll neutralize the alarm.
and who's this janek?
you're crazy!
you've got me worried.
 what's the point of it all?
but how?
and if they want to kill me, let them do.
what about the switch knife they found in the old man's chest?
and who cares?
you're on the go, and i'm stuck.
you're afraid of me.
you're mad.
so naturally, i became interested in the intellectual type who uses that crazy soap.
no, in fact, somebody came to life.
yeah, but if somebody busts in, you know what they're going to find?
so what are you gonna do?
but if you plan to marry me, you're mistaken.
but what are you doing here so soon?
then there were some who just got tired of living.
you heard mrs french and the prisoner discussing her new will?
you'll find i ain't such a bad fella to get along with.
and what was the answer?
 really, dear.
the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
you're driving yourselves crazy!
but what do you expect me to do?
 how much damage is done annually to american forests by the spruce bud worm?
you want to kill me!
how silly to write a song for a deaf old man.
for so long i wanted to scream the truth to everyone owned by chartrain.
how many times did your gum bleed?
and what if i die?
♪you remember the poor!
your line of defence, however, will be lack of motive.
really busy.
and what's more, it's an incontestable fact.
that is the truth.
how about putting us on sick list?
 what an awful woman.
what's wrong?
yours is a criminal justice.
what about the switch knife they found in the old man's chest?
why, look, johnny, it was only a joke.
you what?
you act as if you want to get killed.
no, in fact, somebody came to life.
 what are you afraid of?
you've ruined my career.
you evil brat!
it's really worrying.
you haven't wasted your time, nickie.
and why did you come by last night, mr. froy?
why do i lied, stole, cheated?
and don't fret about the office.
you're drunk.
you slap, and i slap, too.
so they do not kill me.
why did i kill carl adams?
you can't lose.
you should drop dead!
yes, surely.
you malign him before me!
that is the truth.
but you won't be lonesome long.
what you really wanted was some information.
what's wrong?
but i'm a little tired.
you're lucky to be telling the truth.
but why does she spout such lies like that?
and she couldn't come right out and say "don't go to the point", but i knew what she meant.
you once said you wanted to set all the thistles ablaze and that you aren't ashamed of dad.
but how do we know what it was?
you idiot!
then take away my shame!
how many kills?
so i had a bit to drink things got hazy.
how couldn't she be jealous?
you might make a bad move.
why do you have to ridicule his resolve?
and lose half the crew?
you pistolwhip the innocent, same as the guilty.
you're a damned civilian, after all.
why don't they die?
what i really come up here for is to straighten you out so you wouldn't get any wrong ideas why i made a play for you.
but he won't be lonely.
 what the hell?
 how did she try to kill herself?
he's really a bad one
how horrible.
then why not shoot the entire regiment?
really, natalia?
you're ungrateful.
and who killed our last great lord?
you're asking me to make an exception of kelly when i've refused these other men?
you had any indian trouble around here?
how did he force you to go to the point?
surely not.
and who's this janek?
so what?
you say you cut yourself with a knife?
so soothing before an ordeal.
you're difficult and you isolate yourself.
you devil.
then strike a match and you will know
but very gloomy.
actually, i think he's mad.
you really meant it.
what is the noise about, miss barkley?
 why didn't you attack singlehanded?
you wouldn't wear it, if you just broke up for nothing.
it was so damp, it really seemed it was about to rain but it didn't.
what would be wrong with that if they did?
what's wrong?
you'll pay for this crime.
what a sad fate.
or is that an incorrect estimate, mr. gunn?
and so is my fist.
you and i are both pathetic.
you don't really mean you'll kill me, do you?
"and some fragments of broken glass.
why can i not kill off this god within me?
 the truth.
you're making him very unhappy.
what a sly, crafty, calculating devil you are.
but how can she accuse us of something she knows nothing about?
what am i, an orphan?
how could my brother die this way?
so loud, it confuses me.
what about the switch knife they found in the old man's chest?
then why don't you hold out?
but even your own people, do they really believe you could tag along behind six hurricanes and not be noticed?
you figured it wrong, didn't you?
you'll ruin everything!
you mustn't worry about me.
and what went on in that prison, a thousand locked up that way they sounded like dogs, moon howling and moaning.
but they'd let you go all the same, because they've never seen anything so stupid in their entire lives.
what's wrong with him?
you maniac!
how would i know that he will kill himself?
but he's burning with fever.
and as far as miss thornton being senile, she's of your generation.
 tell the truth!
you look terrible!
you don't seem to be pining for lack of company.
that is the truth.
for what offences are you now in such a sory case, poor man?
one false move and you're out on your francis.
you know, a revolver is no plaything.
so solemn!
why the devil i'v got tied up with him?
you can't die on me.
why don't you pretend it never happened?
you're ashamed of me?
but this is an absurd story!
but don't get the idea that it was all white man's wickedness.
that doesn't mean we're really gonna kill anybody.
you who baptized him!
you can stuff your lies, and his bare truth, too!
but now i really need a glass of champagne.
and why not?
why are you so angry to him?
 really?
and you ain't lying.
you're tired, dax.
what's wrong with him?
and hadn't she refused?
and those who have the courage to stand up are boycotted, lose their jobs and are left to starve.
what's terrible?
now, now it isn't really as bad as that.
what are you tryin' to distort?
what do i have to die for?
why did you lie to me, pop?
how stupid.
you're not usually so slow on the uptake, evans.
but you know, osen why does she have it in for that clog smith unokichi?
you're furious at tristan.
you bum.
and he looks sad and says it is his fault.
but he was so stubborn.
what can the enemy be plotting, with nary a torch?
you pay a penalty for thinking.
you really love me?
books opened up the truth to me.
you said you've a headache and asked me to go there for you
you're a strange girl.
why don't they die?
surely she doesn't wear them at home.
what if a cylinder cracks, a valve stuck, a bearing burned out?
 what's the point of it all?
but how can an insurance detective
what's that rubbish there?
then you got nothing to worry about.
you sure would be making a big mistake.
you couldn't send bore or tonino?
but who can tell of their souls, eh?
you think the man's an idiot or something?
but i don't regret a thing.
you look pale.
you and your lies.
how coarse he is.
but, unfortunately, there's nothing we can do for him.
you have been accused of guilt.
you get out of peyton place before dark.
would she really die?
and if we've made a mistake, it's the finish of everything.
you all know he's guilty!
you scared me with the coat.
not really.
you wouldn't have the nerve to slap me real hard.
but, miss eleanor, what are you talking about?
you complain?
what a mess.
you should worry about the living.
you keep walking on that foot, you'll bleed to death.
you're supposed to pretend it never happened.
actually, i think he's mad.
you loathe me, don't you?
what's he afraid of?
you're insane!
in fact, this little lady can recite the entire play in greek.
or kill him.
and what way are you?
you'll fall.
but you won't undo the wrong if you let it colour the rest of your life.
why ever was i cursed with such a burden?
and they'll find him, don't worry.
then what did you say to yourself?
you might make a bad move.
you busybody.
tell me the truth.
yes, surely.
you'll have to think of an explanation, miss agda.
and there are growing things there that are soft to lie on.
why joke?
you're lucky to be telling the truth.
 what's wrong?
you killed lejeune.
that is the truth.
 the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
you'll die laughing.
and if they don't find the culprit, you know what will happen.
who could have written such nonsense?
you know, you really are funny.
then why aren't we better off trying to fight our way through than waiting to be slaughtered like a bunch of sheep?
you left me there to die, wilson.
who are you afraid of?
but against a society that denies the right to be human.
and what about my sister?
and she herself testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
let's say another 25 percent in actually taking the ant hill.
you'll get a terribly wrong impression of the place today.
and what do i see
and you'll lose each other!
you can kill my body, but my spirit will never die!
what's your trouble?
so that evil comes to the clan?
 what mistake?
you killed a man?
but you don't even die of it, and usually it passes.
you drunken sot.
and when you said that he had accidentally cut his wrist, again, you lied?
you defend dead zdenko.
and then the enchantingly strange old city.
what's wrong with you?
what's wrong with that?
and the curtain falls.
why does he go on living in a painful, humiliating way?
how about putting us on sick list?
 why are you scared?
you agree that the point and the cutting edge are razorsharp?
you killed mekilled me
but it hurts so.
you will make fake answers.
then, as they venture closer to the place, another meteorite falls.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
we just had a little talk and he flew back to texas and i went on to the point.
but why the sudden decision?
then why don't you say that before?
but i won't be any trouble after this one minute.
how old are you really, uncle isak?
you are a fool, harrison.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs. emily french, a woman of 56.
how coarse he is.
you know how preachers give them tarnation in the sermon and then shake hands when church is out.
you didn't even give me a headache.
but why did you bother?
and now, crash.
you what?
you killed him as sure as if you'd held the rope.
you mean it's afraid of electricity?
but if he goes on the way he is, someone is going to get killed.
besides, you don't know if the guy's really dead.
 really?
you shouldn't get so scared, dan.
you have tricked me!
why, he'll tell you a human sacrifice is no worse than a traffic accident.
and bang  someone's lying in the gutter.
what stole all them eggs and bread and meat and stuff.
and what are they?
it's really only gruel.
and the rigid forefinger.
what's wrong, dad?
but i can't deny that prediction.
but what?
and as long as that confounded pier is standing, we can't even make a start.
you might learn the truth and stop hating your father.
what's the point of the bare truth?
and why you were born here?
and what are they?
what trouble can they get into?
but actually, those two witnesses were the entire case for the prosecution.
you're wrong!
so he could sit at a table one night and drop dead from work.
but the evil will come all the same.
you'll die laughing.
you're not going to get cold feet, are you?
there were a lot of things that used to belong to me and somehow i lost them.
you will fail also.
not really.
you're hurting me!
you idiot!
but how did you find out?
did he, in fact, return at 25 past 9?
but that was two days later of the murder!
what is wrong?
and if you say you're not, you're lying.
or if you were dead.
you can be sure of one thing, he's sober.
what was there to fear from the police?
you're my prisoner.
who's drunk?
but i do know that the way i set up the defence is what killed him.
you can tell him i'll never listen to his filthy program again.
you have to watch a lot of terrible things.
so long as they have that idea, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
you miss him more than i ever realized.
but if i get too lonely, hank, i can always talk to my stock.
but this courtmartial is such a stain and such a disgrace.
and you wanted him dead.
then who would build your bridge?
you are not in pain?
what danger?
you stood the most difficult trial.
you agree that the point and the cutting edge are razorsharp?
but what will people say about me?
but the most expensive thing is the thread, which is out of twine.
you killed emily french!
you poor thing.
and now it's all my fault.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
what a fool you are
you killed my brother.
and how old are you?
she really was gonna kill herself if i hadn't stopped her.
and its foodstuffs, bread and other perishables remain unharmed in nature's great deep freeze.
or worse.
what is there to fear?
but she wasn't drunk, of course, she was she was just pretending to be drunk.
you loathe me, don't you?
how badly you're reading, natalia!
you hate maxwell, don't you?
and the children love to watch him, it is said, because he is so very sad and yet so very funny.
or else everyone in salt licks'll be mad at us.
you're drunk.
you're breaking a lot of hearts.
the point is this:
 what kind of a trick is that?
you really had a very narrow escape, you know.
then i went to the back of the building as if i were studying the scene of the wouldbe crime
you're gonna rot here.
you're dead.
you dumped her
and it's quite possible there might have been errors made in all of them as regards your height.
you're breaking my bottle arm.
it really isn't necessary.
 what's so critical?
 what kind of a bum is he?
you know me, doris, i don't joke when it comes to money.
and what would i do
you said you didn't betray anyone.
what a mistake that was.
what's wrong with morg?
you had nothing to fear.
 really?
how can we greet this attack?
this place ain't really very cultured
what's wrong with her?
nobody really can.
the truth!
is what i say that worthless?
then he calls them a tramp, and he drops them, and
you're truly becoming childish, divna.
but what's the point?
and if aéé goes weéé, we'éé be much more rotten than we ever dreamed.
you're under arrest, suspicion of homicide.
you old rascal.
you no doubt remember senorita cortez?
listen, when these fellas don't ask questions it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
how silly to write a song for a deaf old man.
and you needn't bother peeking through the keyhole.
but i am telling the truth.
in fact, he isn't expected to live out the year.
and the ocean can't be any worse than snow and sleet and fog.
what's wrong?
you killed emily french!
you look exhausted, too.
your looks are laughable
what's so funny?
but he never would've committed murder.
you hear the noise, huh?
you cannot refuse them.
every last thing really happened.
you set a trap with her
and some might some might be going wayward.
you look scared to leave.
then, it is is the truth?
you'd rather have him dead than me alive?
so i studied hard.
you are divorced, get the hell out!
but the sadness
you've got me in a trap now.
you're tired and i'm falling apart.
is the truth?
or this business about the knife.
well, she's not really skinny all over, mr. simmons.
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
you fear is unwarranted, my son will never miss his target.
how much damage is done annually to the american forest by the spruce bud worm?
so what is your angle?
why that pattern, just to knock down a few scattered planes?
but let's just not spoil the whole fiesta, shall we?
you really want me?
but they never know the wondrous foolishness of an old man in love for the first time.
and i won't lose my part.
but the big news today is from hollywood, and the report that tv star bobo brannigansky, the jungle man, and rita marlowe, cinema queen, have broken up.
and now, crash.
and every day i became more tyrannical, more monstrous in my domination of louise.
what you're trying to tell me is your uncle was killed by witchcraft.
but you are aware now that adm. lockwood never expressly prohibited such a mission and that capt. abbot was unable to radio for instructions?
then why not cut this car into the supply train?
and your pictures won't really be yours until klaus teichmann paints what klaus teichmann himself imagines.
and the next thing i remember is that crack in the ceiling above my cot at the home,
you put yourself on sick call immediately.
your shame is their dishonor.
you fool!
saito and then there were some who just got tired of living.
you stake me to a thousand dollars and i'll split my winnings.
your mind isn't blurred with slushy sentiment.
and what can i do to convince you i'm telling the truth.
but it was burning.
 what's wrong, mr. king?
i was pregnant once but it went wrong
and the strict master death bids them dance.
what we got to loose ?
your stupid "belote".
and there were so many others lying dead anyway.
what would a little girl do with a rock souvenir she picked up in the desert?
and lost too.
 the truth.
what could be worse than that thing that attacked us?
why should zaron be the only man forced to see himself the way he really is?
or we'll burn the shop.
that's not the point.
you go on the sick list.
you know how i hate that.
you can do it even without killing him.
why are you lying?
what the hell
then you're just going to have to go cry on your grandmammy's boney old shoulder.
you dare to utter jagannath's name, using your own sinful mouth?
what a petty soul!
you what?
you have a guilty conscience.
you failed!
what a monster!
but what did i do?
yeah, so what?
and it became utterly, utterly quiet everywhere.
but you'll get into trouble if you marry me.
you're dead if you forget.
you are utterly antagonistic to any form of regimentation on the ground, but in the air, you accept it in the most abject manner.
you liar.
in fact, it's natural.
how the hell did i get stuck with him?
you are worried.
what a dirty life!
but these idiots broke me.
you not sure, shoot first or die first!
"who's the agent for your spoils?"
but that garrison woman said he was a big, tall man with dark clothes and a light handkerchief to his face.
who worries about my old age?
how do you know there's unrest in the offing?
but there is only one unkind one.
you can't say "hell" on the screen, you know.
but beware, you!
you shall all perish from the black death.
and the simple secret of the plot ls just to tell them
and in arranging the marriage, you lied to the authorities?
 why, miss hunter!
you've gone mad.
you put this in, you bastards
why can i not kill god within me?
what did he die for?
but for perri every hope, it seems, is lost as all of wildwood heart becomes a seething holocaust.
 what's wrong?
and i smoke a pipe.
that really is deep.
you saw him fall?
you'll have trouble making that next corner.
what do you sentence him to death?
but it hurts so.
how blue and lonely
you're making a wreck out of me.
what if it had been murder?
orchid, what's wrong?
what with the drought, nobody pays back.
 gimme his address so i send him to prison!
and i threw him out as a pauper.
you know, boys what really bugs me about our limey cousins is the way they keep on trying to act like a firstclass outfit when their store is having to close branches all over the world.
so i found a way out  without dying.
you loathe me, don't you?
what were sara and sigfrid doing in the wild strawberry patch?
you wouldn't die and leave your husband.
your hands, your poor hands.
you tell me in funereal tones that you must talk to me, and then you find it hard to begin.
 really?
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
why didn't you attack the anthill singlehanded?
 how do you do, miss black?
you can rule out anger.
and what are they?
but what is certain is that something is implanted in him.
and yet, we are barren.
but you subsequently called miss hammar from santa barbara.
surely, the manager's expecting me by now.
why should zaron be the only man forced to see himself the way he really is?
but i heard alex scream.
or what?
but we're facing a crisis.
really, father?
slim actually hit 'em!
but why?
ifwe make anyone sit on it, it will make him tell the truth,
you poor thing.
what's wrong with the favourites?
you are afraid.
and a split second later heard a body hit the floor.
actually, it's my fault.
and after all the pains we took deceiving everybody.
you fell down again.
or take the chance of losing you forever
and he walked very slowly to the stand.
and now folger's death.
beware of all those who don't know, what the key to the truth is,
you should have taken him to the shelter for lost kids.
you should not feel guilty.
chief this is really something.
"or to take arms against a sea of troubles,
who's lurking?
what can the enemy be plotting, with nary a torch?
so she can see me die!
but how to prove my point.
and what do the townspeople think of this?
but dr luther still could not decide when, or even if, to confront her with the knowledge of the personality that she had suppressed.
you're dead meat!
but she would die if she knew i went out with a girl like this, so it's actually a death bed promise in a deeper sense.
what do i have to die for, father?
you'll find his number in the emergency list.
you give a me a fright!
and that's the discouraging part of it.
what's wrong?
see how the body contracts, until his limbs become a rope of madness.
you're not lying to me?
supposin' you talk us all out of this and the kid really did knife his father, huh?
but why?
and what's the difference?
and karswell says dr. holden will die tomorrow night.
really there isn't.
for what did you forsake your father old, your mother grey,
what a pity.
you killed emily french!
you must admit that a person who is out for blackmail wouldn't be interested in a job.
 what's wrong?
you've ruined my career.
you're lonesome's new tootsie, huh?
you're lucky to be telling the truth.
why such a sad song on this occasion?
your hand is freezing.
what's the point of having witnesses at all?
it's completely waterproof and actually plastic.
you mean, sir, you want me to tell the boys bad things about you?
what made you decide steve was the murderer?
but stop being so jealous.
but it won't hurt to talk about it.
so what?
and its sudden enthusiasm for lonesome rhodes.
you've hurt me so!
you're tired, aren't you?
and what happened to your heels?
 why did you steal it?
your mother will scold!
or something terrible will happen.
you see your problem now, senator?
you're not going to hurt me?
you're not that bad.
could that really be a human voice?
your fight was with sukhi who is now dead.
and who killed our last great lord?
and when you had that newborn baby smothered, was that not murder?
and he got killed by bae soon after the release.
you're gonna die for sure if you go out there.
and what i do with that?
but stop being so jealous.
and the first time they catch you off base, they kill you.
but unfortunately, there is nothing i can do about it.
you're stubborn, senor.
really, dear marquis,
but i can shake a chicken in the middle of the room
you told me that when you overwork you get nervous and lose weight.
and that wild finish.
and gave us poverty.
but the risk cannot be calculated.
and he's not afraid to use any cheap trick to make a jury laugh or cry.
you're gonna kill the battery!
you've been looking ugly as long as i can stand.
you kept on hitting him until you crushed all the life out of him.
you're looking for a sucker, aren't you, mr cartley?
what happened to the knife?
what a cold!
you are deliberately distracting my partner.
you're gonna ruin my outturn.
you're losing your nerve.
you wanted him dead.
hanaogi really gone, major.
you told me that when you overwork you get nervous and lose weight.
you're utterly ruthless and never listen to anyone but yourself.
what's wrong with bore?
you want to see this boy die because you personally want it, not because of the facts.
so i pulled back on my duds and i went out to take a looksee what all the commotion was.
so you can stall a little longer?
but the guys i've walked down that jetty and into the prison gates tell me it's a short jetty.
 how many others, really?
you are not supposed to strike an employee.
or am i going mad?
what'd you do to the poor kid?
you'll have a headache and sore eyes.
the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
what if i died?
what do i have to die for?
you poor thing.
and the grim master, death, invites them to dance.
and that is the truth.
and i do what i do out of fear also.
the truth is, i just lost the bannister account.
one peep from us down here and we're dead!
then this is the truth?
you killed him.
you heard mrs french and the prisoner discussing her new will?
you can't go wrong, it's a few steps.
but why so late?
he never really found one
why you always play sick, shears?
but what about josofat?
and anders tried to twist viktor's arm, and viktor said that was a lousy argument for god's existence.
you wouldn't torment me so, roaming the clubs and making me wait for you.
and if i die?
not really.
your dad doesn't know it, but it's hopeless.
who would have thought that a freak typhoon could come out of nowhere and wreck all calculations.
actually, it's my fault.
i'm not lying, it's the truth.
you don't want to kill me, do you?
then you must have fallen too?
why such a panic?
and you cheated me.
but one day you stand at the edge of life and face darkness.
and i'm afraid.
but i don't bother with the others.
but how can i?
you didn't have to torture him.
 what a waste.
what'll you do if you lose your hand?
how could your own brother balarama insult you?
 what actually happened is this.
there's an enemy post three miles away so we'll have to sleep in the jungle.
you must take pity.
you girls kill me.
you're not so bad yourself.
yes, it hurt because you can't bear the truth.
then why don't you stay and have her over?
why to the bird that lived in the yard he looked so ugly, why they all laughed at him and chased him.
'along with the displeasure of the point of attack' 'of theamerican marines' 'came reports of staggering numbers of casualties.'
no, not really, doc.
see who's sick.
then there were some who just got tired of living.
you bastards!
that really is deep.
and, oddly enough, he's japanese.
surely you won't refuse
you let them kill tommy.
you look scared, mrs. brenner.
so fill these lonely arms of mine
what the hell?
what a fool.
oh, really?
what are you trying to do, ruin me?
you lied to me.
that's really shameful!
you're tired and i'm falling apart.
what are you so upset about?
but why?
you want to wipe out civilization, destroy all life on this planet!
your hands, your poor hands.
you silly fool!
you must be insane!
what are you, crazy?
what's this bad omen, uncle?
you agree that the point and the cutting edge are razorsharp?
but what does that mean?
you always said unemployment's to blame when someone goes to the bad.
why should they worry, sitting on the ground?
why did you go to so much trouble to get me out of russia?
in fact, he isn't expected to live out the year.
what the hell
what will hurt is waiting in that room, not knowing if they caught you and stood you against the wall.
and what are you so lost in thought over?
you know what happened to me the day after the death of that person?
you know she lost her parents and everything in the flood.
you'll never get fat.
and i'll smash him.
you're so cold, cat.
what must one do when a choice between two evils is all that is offered?
you crazy?
then this is the truth?
you've gone crazy!
how about putting us on the sick list?
see who's sick.
and at the most peculiar times, i imagine.
then when i got under there, a strange thing happened.
and evald is growing just as lonely, cold and dead.
but the worst is yet to come.
what's wrong?
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
and how's daisy?
but we're in for a lot of trouble.
how cold it is!
but surely it's just a refinery?
what are you trying to do, ruin the customers?
and how does washizu fare in battle?
but how to find him, that's the question.
you're scum.
when one was once so close to becoming the empress of austria, it is not really difficult to understand.
why are you finding yourself troubles?
what's the point of having witnesses at all?
he's been sick all over my cab and now i can't get any money out of him!
and now, lonesome, back in those difficult days you had a pal.
you're so cold, cat.
what's the point of the bare truth?
then how does it happen that you remember meeting me?
and if i don't, he will be shut away as a lunatic.
you are afraid.
tell me, supposing your comrades were to hear the truth about this notable exploit of yours?
so moody all morning!
but first i want to make them suffer a little.
and how'd he pay it back if he quit and moved west?
you're wasting your time.
you've read so many books and i know nothing beyond half the alphabets
but you still know how to torture, don't you?
you made me look ridiculous.
and why is that?
you know i'm stuck on her.
who are you going to kill next?
and it's gonna make arliss the biggest liar in texas!
"and bernard butler accepted that lie to get a false conviction.
that's really shameful!
actually, that means, no.
but what did i do?
and if it had been murder?
you killed emily french!
what stole all them eggs and bread and meat and stuff.
but they are even afraid of me.
but first, we'll take a short break.
you're always so irritable, and you keep picking on me.
and i must follow where the truth leads me.
you're not so solemn now.
and that is the truth.
but better that than hell, the priests say.
he wouldn't really lie.
you're drunk, ringo.
 really?
besides, you're an unusually insufferable young man who thinks he's really something.
oh, you're really crazy.
you ain't gonna lose with her.
and the y e v en threaten a transfer.
what's wrong, perry?
how sad
and the radiation has worn away
you can't study the layout of the bridge after dark.
then how will i eat?
you're not gonna tell me you believe that phony story about losing the knife and that business about being at the movies.
so stupid.
so what?
your husband will have to stand trial, i'm afraid.
so what?
and so is my fist.
"why, he had never made a mistake in his life,
why did you crush her hands?
what was that i dictated last night in reference to mitchell's demise?
it's really only gruel.
you're depressing me.
you're crazy, both of you!
what am i, an orphan?
you're always so irritable, always criticizing.
you want me to say it stinks?
then what do you want?
you're betraying the people's government!
you're not leaving my son in the hands of a stranger.
you don't want to get hurt.
but why?
you're not gonna intimidate me.
you fly into the middle of an enemy formation without considering the danger, as if they were no more than a flock of pigeons then come back full of holes.
the truth he speaks will be of interest to all asiatic peoples.
not really an accountant, sir.
 really!
you had to kill a man because i ran away.
then take this smack in the jaw for a start.
they want anything but the truth!
you lost your ship?
but if they're lonely, they're lonely every night.
stupid women, you've really landed us in it!
why this ridiculous knock?
and you have been living as the wife of the prisoner, leonard vole?
you must be exhausted.
when the navy brass learns the truth about me, they'll say
and, oddly enough, he's japanese.
you knew miss desmond, didn't you?
and she couldn't come right out and say "don't go to the point", but i knew what she meant.
you're funny.
your view is even worse, is not it?
then he should only have been burned.
 what you do mean, "nothing really"?
you're just in time for a little indian attack.
 what's the point of the whole thing?
or am i going mad?
"and grunt under a weary life?
so he'll get a basket of wild strawberries instead.
but what about college and law school that you've always talked about?
really go for me.
though said with a smile, such words really hurt, sisterinlaw.
you are under no compulsion to make use of the weapon.
what's he so depressed about?
and what of those who neither will nor can believe?
you never sick.
but that's not the point.
they don't know what the truth is.
 what can we lose by trying?
but logic the reality of the seeable and the touchable
but i don't mean no harm.
what kind of a sucker play is this?
what would be wrong with that if they did?
you'll never regret, you'll never fret, if you use oxytone toothpaste.
but why didn't you report the argument on the locomotive?
and the rigid forefinger.
and being an outcast she's not subject to tribal law.
you can't help being vulgar.
what's wrong?
so it's those kind of people who played the role of those saved by the man with the sack.
see who's sick.
but it is insane to try and escape.
 what a problem child.
so, they give me 10 lousy years.
and the gold spoon is one of the depressed areas.
nobody really can.
how many people do we kill?
but if it makes you unhappy, stop it.
why do people drink when it feels so awful the morning after?
you're very tired.
you complain?
your shame is their dishonour.
but grandmother isn't going because she's tired.
but what about me?
then why do you have to come here checking up on me?
and we're wet and tired.
you want to get me drunk?
what's wrong?
you might get burned and die
you must understand that this rut was dug by the claws of a magician named friston.
you ain't mad, are you?
why don't they put them to death?
what you said about the plague was horrible.
"but a veil of secrecy, whispers and innuendo has been drawn across this problem.
funny how a woman's eyes will change colour at nighttime.
what the devil's he got to be scared about?
that doesn't mean we're really gonna kill anybody.
but do you really love me?
then i paint something funny.
and why does he have to find something?
and don't pity yourself either.
you failed, you failed!
then why didn't you do it?
but that's where you're wrong, 'cause no matter what happens between you and allison, you're finished in sundown.
so candid, he's already told me we'll have to sue him for our fees.
what's wrong with that thing?
why's she lying that way?
 the truth.
you never sick.
your aunt mae is not so bad.
women never tell the truth.
you're not gonna intimidate me.
really, daddy?
what were you afraid of?
 what's your problem?
and anders tried to twist viktor's arm, and viktor said that was a lousy argument for god's existence.
you say you cut yourself with a knife?
nobody really can.
so you can pretend you are the porter!
you know, once in los angeles, i tracked him 1 7 miles, following a trail of broken hearts that he left behind.
you'll find him at 18 rue st. denis, at clarice booker's.
so what, juletchek?
you can't study the layout of the bridge after dark.
you are under no compulsion to make use of the weapon.
and if it's death you're afraid of, why should you care about what kills you?
 what the devil is this?
"you mustn't beg my forgiveness.
what's wrong with morg?
you ask yourself what the sum total of your life represents what difference your being there at any time made to anything or if it made any difference at all, really.
then who would build your bridge?
you mustn't worry about me.
what's so funny about that?
the point is this:
you might show some shame, some guilt.
well, not strange, really.
who the heck is oscar?
and how about..?
what was general stuckey's xray doing in bixby's office, for crying out loud?
you wear them when you eat the leechee nuts, silly.
and lieutenantjennings is dead.
and i'm too old to start breaking in another one.
you're burning my nose.
the truth is it was pedocchi who shouted: "i'll throw a bomb. "
 what's wrong with you?
why are you lying?
what an awful bloodstain.
why is he stupid?
and neither was the mistress.
you don't really mean you'll kill me, do you?
how can he say that when we can't identify the fatal bullet?
you don't really mean you'll kill me, do you?
then why didn't you?
you must be drunk.
how bad is he, really?
you're in trouble, but you got a couple of things mixed up.
and me in the middle of labor troubles.
you may get into deep trouble
you filthy monster.
 what kind of a bum is he?
you voted guilty.
or why not a minister?
what a sour face.
but if you kill in revenge, you will not help pablo or yourself.
you're going home before you get into trouble!
but saito's cut their food rations and if he makes the sick men work
how desolate.
you once referred to me as a gentleman so naturally i followed my own inclinations on that question.
and bang  someone's lying in the gutter.
you're wound tight this morning.
besides, this residence is really old.
and why you were born here?
but according to you, they're wrong.
you can't study the layout of the bridge after dark.
then who would build your bridge?
that really is deep.
you've even been afraid to ask me to the graduation dance.
how to die by the rules.
what's wrong with people these days?
then i shall argue the point till the end of my days.
why are you two youngsters tired so quickly?
you're wrong!
you haven't wasted your time, nickie.
but you don't even die of it, and usually it passes.
and the worst of it is he's so good at everything.
why should he lie?
you find yourself doing the same things you hated your own mother and father doing.
who'd come to you, jerk?
say what's troubling you in front of miss olga here.
and god bless her for her foolishness.
what about poor us?
you've hurt me so!
who the heck is oscar?
you put yourself on sick call immediately.
and the awful omens
and the indians can be a problem.
and besides, it's only pretend!
how badly you're reading, natalia!
you see, he is a fugitive, there's a price on his head.
but why take such interest in her?
and the strict master death bids them dance.
you've been through a terrible ordeal.
what do you say, miss morgan?
oh, but my headache!
and then winter fell, with a cold mantle of caution and chill.
and what did mr. halloran do?
honestly, can't you fellas stay out of trouble for one single minute?
your hand is freezing.
but i'm not dead yet!
so what?
but what?
you irritate me!
really ill.
you ungrateful leech!
and why didn't he go to the side of the road when i shouted "beware!"?
your line of defence, however, will be lack of motive.
and i know who's guilty.
so what happened?
but let me out of here before that bomb goes off.
you say you cut yourself with a knife?
 nothing really.
why, the man's mad.
you don't get me into trouble!
why can't i kill god in me?
you're trying to confuse me.
mrs. fan, honestly speaking
well, she wouldn't actually forbid it.
you'd be bound to misunderstand.
and it hurts here.
you said, looking innocent, that if stella died i'd be sole heir.
you blame yourself too much, connie.
so you play chess with death?
what's wrong?
and this trick was calculated by his brother.
you no sick.
what pain?
you are sick with it.
i never once had any regrets about going to the point.
and we were fooled, both of us!
you're a bad shot, mcgaffey, except when you sneak up on an unarmed old man.
you're a funny man.
why is he stupid?
and have a smoke.
what's wrong?
and three jumps, you're bound to catch a backache.
but what did i do?
but if something goes wrong, none of us here knows the territory.
and i believe for the first time l`m just beginning to understand what it`s all about what i really am, what i really want.
but, no, it won't come to that, for they will surely be impressed by your answers.
so i'm a bum.
how can russia compete with such propaganda?
you scoundrel!
how can we greet this attack?
 actually
you strike your pose, and then
and you have been living as the wife of the prisoner, leonard vole?
but my knife is gone.
but who else will?
you mustn't blame my husband, lieutenant.
you're wrong!
what do you lack?
you were shakin' with cold, ma'am.
why is it always so costly for man to move from the present to the future?
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
you're all a bunch of morbid slobs!
you're always straight to the point, daisy.
♪ and the dirty little coward ♪
you're really a fool, a daring one though
but it might be that oversized bug of yours?
why spoil it?
you got a bad mouth.
how come you lost it ?
but how would i run away from those eyes of his?
and did you subsequently test the blood of the dead woman?
and when i die i will have no life hereafter except to live forever in eternity by the cursed hyena, cowardly eater of the dead.
what's your trouble?
but mrs. cargill is hardly a competent witness to something that happened in a korean prison camp 9,000 miles away.
and that you then did callously sneak away, leaving behind a shambles?
when the navy learns the truth, they'll say:
and unexpected.
and yet, we are barren.
what did he die for?
you can burn too if it pleases you but it'll still cost you four bits.
you really are only a kid, marisa.
and he's itching for action
now, my question is, if he really had killed his father why would he come back home three hours later?
listen, when these fellas don't ask questions it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
but it was unworthy.
what photos were you taking that make the villagers so angry?
orchid, what's wrong?
you didn't have to torture him.
but what?
and bewildered
why are you afraid of me?
you had me scared there for a minute.
and are you aware, mrs helm, that the penalty in this country for perjury is a heavy term of imprisonment?
you are in possession of some very dangerous information, and l
you look worried.
you look anxious.
you idiot!
how do you do, miss ogi?
what if i died?
so why do you take them to a wedding?
you figured it wrong, didn't you?
you ask yourself what the sum total of your life represents what difference your being there at any time made to anything or if it made any difference at all, really.
and why do you keep your antique?
you just want to see me in those nasty shorts.
you were angry here.
what happened to the knife?
see who's sick.
and it's my fault.
you ask him, if i ever did him any harm before that!
and nothing too wrong with this dead reckoning navigation, except maybe the name.
how cold it is!
you blinddate often, miss summers?
you think he was mixed up in that ambush.
and a miss so refined!
what's wrong with anna, joe?
what is wrong with you?
you're burning with rage because you know you're to blame.
you really like it, ma'am?
 nothing, really.
and how's your father these days?
you don't have a fever.
you've stuck it there.
surely the evil spirit of spider's forest foretold the truth.
what's this damned suitcase doing here?
no but why haven't you heard from him?
or the fashions for the fall
angie,look now,tell me the truth?
and didn't you threaten to kill her if she wouldn't come back?
now, what really happened, hm?
you must be crazy!
and no cracks.
you were shakin' with cold, ma'am.
then i won't lose the battle.
then you go pick up the bag at lost and found.
and remember, those 3rg mines are effective only in a limited area.
you're a liar.
you mean you miss a father?
you've lost!
you seem like you have lots of friends but no boyfriend you never listened to your mother and you were so poor in school that you were often yelled at?
maybe she honestly thought she saw the boy kill his father.
why is he stupid?
so the army lets them get married and then forces them to desert their wives.
 what a lousy dump!
so what?
that's one way to find out who's telling the truth.
what's the trouble, frankie?
you don't know miss plimsoll.
 not really.
then why are you taking it out on them?
you liar!
you're not gonna tell me you believe that phony story about losing the knife and that business about being at the movies.
how much damage is done annually to american forests by the spruce budworm?
what a waste just staying here in this backwater town.
but what if she should?
you're a funny man.
and you, get out of here with your sanctimonious pat answers.
but why did you wait for him at the entrance?
why do i have to die, father?
how about you, bore?
"and be released from trouble.
what's the point your being a nun if we're all alone?
the letters he sent out really turned the tide.
you couldn't be more wrong.
you'll fall.
nobody really can.
and what's this?
but now i really need a glass of champagne.
you can't miss it.
how much damage is done annually to american forests by the spruce budworm?
you said you were tired.
why did you have to kill him?
and don't ever hate a man for what he does under pressure.
and she has a right to fear.
how old are you really, uncle isak?
just who the hell are you to okayo?
so soothing before an ordeal.
how revolting.
and i've one more fault.
you need to have nerves of steel to risk such an amount.
you've fallen for her hard.
and how do you say?
and if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot on the spot.
you were hurt before.
you've got a real big hate for the law, haven't you?
you lost a little weight, haven't you?
but i got tired before i got scared.
then this place wasn't put off limits by the mps?
and then when i went up to get her she cussed me out and said she never would come home.
you killed her!
what shame?
you stole it!
you what?
so strange.
what's wrong?
who could have written such nonsense?
what's your arrogance?
i'll really kill him!
i never once had any regrets about going to the point.
what a pity!
you're not going to go to bed in the desert!
you're tired.
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
you're utterly ruthless and never listen to anyone but yourself.
you tell him the coach from contention was held up.
you've got a runaway plane loose up there.
but what?
and lifeless first some days within my lady's womb, my lady's health is far from certain.
and "deadly plays"
surely he knows.
yes, really.
you screwy or something?
you complain?
actually, they're not ferocious unless provoked.
what a nauseating prospect.
""who's the agent for your spoils?"
okay. [giggles] oh, really?
what a shame.
who is dead?
so you're going to join the hell drivers, are you?
what are you sitting there for, letting me take the blame?
and you'd be a fool not to.
you're afraid of lieutenant sinh huy.
you dirty vitellone!
you didn't really care for me.
but he doesn't mean a word he says because he's cold as ice.
is it really true?
 what about the fact of it being hollow?
you've all got to understand that the reason you were picked is immaterial.
what a bore.
it's completely waterproof and actually plastic.
hanaogi really gone, major.
you sure there isn't anything wrong?
you tell them the truth, eh?
that is the truth.
you'll hate it.
 what's wrong?
but no, ma'am, that would be just plain crazy.
but the liar's spit dries up.
and i was worried about a couple of hundred for that silly eggbeater.
but i wonder if i can really pull it off.
so you came after all, miss agda.
and you'd spoil the party.
you stupid!
you're gonna kill the battery!
 why that would be disaster, my lord?
 do they really weigh 4.50?
you'll have to kill me first.
if he really had killed his father, why would he come back home three hours later?
and if he is amongst the poor, its better.
and the worst of it is he's so good at everything.
and what did you do?
you scared?
split what's that?
but there she was now, dying, sprawled out on the ground trying to protect something underneath her.
but how can she accuse us of something she knows nothing about?
they were discussing what dialogue they would give to the prostitutes but especially to the men, because pasolini hung around with men homosexuals, pimps bisexuals, androgynous people but that's not really in nights of cabiria.
 what a lousy dump!
and it became utterly, utterly quiet everywhere.
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
 the truth.
and with you, it's just one thing or the other destroy a bridge or yourself.
and that way, it will really be a surprise.
you know, i really hate that crummy joint i'm playing at now.
what madness is this?
you are worried.
what is this nonsense?
 oh, really?
it's the truth.
so until four days before the murder, you were with your mother.
he wouldn't really lie.
you're tired and i'm falling apart.
you miss him more than i ever realized.
why are they insulting me?
but even without actually going, you could write him a letter.
or nearly dead.
you should be, leaving me in the cold!
your foolish action will earn for you only a lashing at the whipping post.
you don't wanna hurt charlie.
but he also hates you.
then i won't lose the battle.
and what do i find?
that really hurt.
you lied, did you not?
then why is she
you know, this has really done me good.
 what's wrong?
look here, inspector, i don't know the meaning of this but obviously the man's lying.
you said it, you old drunk.
 how do you live with it, miss bruce?
what did i do wrong last night?
you look a terrible sight.
and the second angel sounded his trumpet and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea.
in house i trouble much to me so i leave and i realize of which i do not have to where to go, so i go away to the cinema.
but a lie.
but what's the point?
so why don't we stop wasting our time here?
and you weren't under an emotional stress, were you?
and who killed our last great lord?
what have we got to lose?
but where do we get a bomb from?
what nonsense is that you've painted?
you know that old saying, "the apple never falls far from the tree."
why are you denying it?
you're just jealous!
 what problem?
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
why do people always torment themselves?
the truth!
and us with it, dead?
you think he's not guilty, huh?
but he did it out of pity for those beyond hope.
why you always play sick to me, shears ?
you've lost your fingers.
what's that arrogance?
you really got yourself into trouble now.
in fact, visconti had the same problems.
and a lot of people have died in this world needlessly waiting for them.
what trouble can they get into?
you think the man's an idiot or something?
you're dead.
takes a bit of handling but we quarrel no worse than others.
you have been taught to kill without weapons.
it's too bad you're a foreigner.
what's so goddamn funny?
i tried that once but it got so bad
but you still know how to torture, don't you?
but what if she should?
and what's this?
you have all the subtlety of a battering ram.
you funny man, shears.
you'll find that underneath all her softness she is lethal an abattoir of flesh.
no, but what a lovely idea.
your honour, it is my contention
you see, the connection on that old heater was always coming loose.
you have the wrong number.
what's wrong?
not really.
but really, i'm not free to go where i like?
and i tell him it's his fault that i am as i am.
but it is something deepseated and sinister.
your grandmother doesn't seem so strict, if she lets you stay out overnight on your own.
but he also hates you.
what's wrong with you?
but there's just one teeny thing wrong with that theory, mr. mason.
you have a hard life.
he must know the truth.
simpson wants the blasted books made up so he can take 'em home at the weekend.
advertisers actually calling in to buy time.
wherever you run into it, prejudice always obscures the truth.
you ugly scoundrel.
 what's wrong with you?
what the hell are you doing?
you've suffered so much.
you stake me to $1000 and i'll split my winnings.
you are unworthy of command !
look how dark it's gettin' out there.
then he calls them a tramp, and he drops them, and
you too have been charmed by the accursed friston.
you should drop dead!
how zealous you are.
not that she ever did drink very much really.
what happened to the knife?
what's the risk?
so what?
but he doesn't really care about anything because he's so cold.
why are you lying?
actually, on the way here.  forget it.
your stew stinks, what's it for?
what's wrong?
so i asked him to look her up and keep her from being lonely.
afraid what people might say?
how shocking.
then what did you do?
so you changed uniforms with a dead man.
you've been hurt badly.
what do you see besides a big, dumb guy?
how dull.
he was way down deep under where there was this cave and it was real dark and muddy.
but who are you?
you put yourself in the wrong place.
and karswell says dr. holden will die tomorrow night.
what mad?
you're confusing this with a private room at romano's.
then why don't you break it off?
then there were some who just got tired of living.
what an awful bloodstain.
you're a selfish old man, uncle isak.
but that's impossible!
you're not usually so slow in the uptake.
you gave a loud cry!
you guys are crazy!
why worry about it?
but his attempt to murder three innocent men to protect his own reputation will be prevented by the general staff.
and how's your father these days?
you're not to worry, you hear me?
 why didn't you attack singlehanded?
and i remember his face was rough against my cheek.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding all over the floor about slum kids and injustice.
but how does it work?
then what did you do?
call it a bible, but it*s really a death warrant with decimal points.
how about releasing miss denbow?
and what a library!
you just want to see me in those nasty shorts.
and my beard is wet and i'm powerless.
you belong to the rail road and it belongs to you.
how did she die,bene?
but they give driver's license to those who kill people.
go on, laugh, you desert pig!
you're selfish and bad!
you complain?
what the hell is this?
your father has been looking for you, he is very worried about you.
but we are not going to die.
no, that surely ain't it.
what about your dirty deed?
if death is what you really fear, why should you care about what kills you?
but they never know the wondrous foolishness of an old man in love for the first time.
you bum. ln two weeks you've moved in on every doll but gladys and linda.
but you scarcely knew your father.
your father caused my brother's death.
why do people drink when it feels so awful the day after?
they surely heard it all over town!
you busybody.
and then you find it hard to begin.
you just stick around, help me worry.
you mess with him and you're dead
how couéd é have been so wrong?
you gonna tell him the truth?
or am i going mad?
what are you bleeding for?
so as not to alarm the public, the test must be conducted in absolute secrecy.
but where do we get a bomb from?
she needs surgery to live but we're broke!
how awful.
you're confusing this with a private room at romano's.
you mean tommy wasn't killed he was murdered?
see how funny i am?
your feet are trapped under the steering wheel
you think he's not guilty, huh?
how old are you really, uncle isak?
but you only know how to tease the others.
what's wrong with you?
she was the one who actually saw the killing.
what's wrong with her?
 how did you lose lejeune?
you ask yourself what the sum total of your life represents what difference your being there at any time made to anything or if it made any difference at all, really.
and she had motive to burn.
you get awfully frustrated when they don't
what do you mean tired?
and the only reason they've kept me around this long is because they thought they might've needed me in case something went wrong in contention.
and what will isak say, who really loves me?
 will be the truth, the whole truth?
but i don't bother with the others.
you funny man, shears.
you'll go to hell someday.
you really love me?
you specialize in dermatology and the removal of excessive scar tissue.
you're so indifferent.
they are really nice but you say things about poor people that i don´t understand.
you are all doomed, do you hear?
you know it and i know it.
what a sour face.
you're dead.
sing loud so's dr joe will hear you!
what's that rubbish there?
so much so, he decided to kill the poor nerio.
but what is your point?
and what did he say about our getting married?
from what i gather, sir, this is gonna be one of them rooting, tooting, big, mad balls, nurses and everything.
you must be very tired by now.
but i know de la vega is guilty.
and then there's bobo, and then rocky and all because you can't forget george schmidlapp.
but i plan on being demanding in the future, too, so beware.
let's see how sick you really are.
you're crazy!
but i picked a bad time and a wrong place.
you lunatic!
but i don't like to hear it, lon, that's the point.
it's completely waterproof and actually plastic.
why, you noaccount, thieving' rascal!
joe has his faults but i'm sure bigamy isn't one of them.
you're messing me around!
and what about our home?
you want me to say it stinks?
and what will isak say, who really loves me?
what man knows how a life should really be lived?
so that she will not fall in an ugly position of dishonour when she dies.
you're wrong.
oh, really?
then what do you call it?
you're so twisted.
you've even caught a cold!
you're making me dizzy.
it's really unforgivable!
you're stupid so you don't know.
yes, it hurt because you can't bear the truth.
 he has to fight or i can't kill him.
and the bottles are all broken.
what a shame you're moving out!
but what would happen to our children?
 really?
 it doesn't mean we'd really kill anybody.
you don't really know what happened inside that house, do you?
and that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
you scare me.
your line of defence, however, will be lack of motive.
so ifsome ofthem didn't leave the trenches, it must have been because it was impossible.
you know i hate to go begging other people for help.
you murderer!
what's up because of the tale told by that idiot that expert in that calculated sanity?
why are you lying?
but how did you find out?
you were almost dead.
what's wrong?
what about the knife?
but the way he knew he was going to die and the horrible way he actually did.
so what if a birju dies?
but what a difference!
maybe she honestly thought she saw the boy kill his father.
you know, henry, paul and i were friends many years ago
you're unreasonable
how do you do, miss ogi?
you're tired, dita.
so evil minded.
and he walked very slowly to the stand.
it's easy to kill a man like him but he's close to the shogun.
you hadn't committed any crime, defending yourself.
you sick ?
you're hungry, poor thing, huh?
your complaint against drwinkler has nothing to do with the one against you.
what's the point of having witnesses at all?
you took my daughter under false pretenses!
what are you wasting everybody's time in here for?
but i'd be lying.
your navy's in an awkward position.
and how are the mama guitars selling?
and did you subsequently test the blood of the dead woman?
so why then?
you always find excuses for everything that elisabeth does.
¶ your sunny, funny
your line of defence, however, will be lack of motive.
